Overall, they are a great set of headphones, if you can get over the bugs, like its so bad that I am questioning if I was shipped knock offs. I hope Sennheiser plans to release firmware updates to fix them, and maybe they could address some of the issues?The pros:-Sound quality, fantastic, good base, good all around ( i am no sound expert, but I love the sound)- The App & customization, really awesome, you can change everything.-Noise Cancellation, I use them in my wood shop. I cannot hear my table saw or dust collection at all, its actually kind of scary how good these work.-Transparency mode feels great, a bit of white noise in quite environments, but you tune it out and don't hear it after a few moments.-Comfortable, I wear them all day long, no complaints there.-The promise of multipoint by Sennheiser. They claim in a future update Multipoint will be added via firmware updateThe Cons:-The bugs, really, the bugs are so bad that it feels like I picked up a pair of buds from the gas station for $20, the chinese knock off kind that say they have all these features but none are implemented well enough to actually be viable, that you kind of accept the bugs because they were $20. Except these are $250.-Wireless charging just stops after a few moments, so while the feature is technically added, it might as well not be a thing, because putting them on a wireless charger overnight just won't charge your case, so you can just forget that.-Transparency mode only works with BOTH buds in. Single bud use does not have transparency mode.-Single bud use is pretty buggy in terms of the app. Say you want to switch them from 1 device to the next, you have to have both earbuds in. Combine that with transparency mode glitch, much like the "wireless charging feature" that might as well not exist, its the same story with single earbud use, might as well not exist.- The app. Say you have 2 different phones, and want to put the app on both phones, so you can access the menu to change EQ settings, or turn on or off ANC or transparency, or literally anything, well you can't. The app can be installed on 2 phones, but the device will only show up on 1 phone. This might not seem like a big issue, but this leads me to my next point-Want to switch devices? You can only do that through the app, you cannot hijack the connection. For instance, I might have them paired to my work phone for a phone call, then want to move them to my windows PC. I have the app installed on my android phone, so I need to open the app, select the device, then select the connections, and select which device its going to connect too. This becomes a pretty big annoyance when it takes 30+ seconds to open up each sub menu.-There is a bug that can make it so you cannot change the device it is connected to. So you need to access the device in the app in order to change the connection, well, if you experience this bug, the app has a hard time establishing a connection with the buds, and when that happens you can't change the connection. In my case, I had to power down everything, reset my phone, and then I was able to access the buds in the app and change the device.-Leaving range of the connected device can cause issues. I had them connected to my PC, drove down the street, drove back, and was unable to connect to any device. Again, full reboot of all my devices (2 phones & PC), allowed me to change the device again.-Phone calls, they pick up your voice great, you sound great in a quiet room, and or with both headphones in. But having a single earbud in, it picks up ALL NOISES, people I have spoken to have said its like my background has been amplified. I haven't done full testing on this, but it seems to only happen when using a single earbud, as opposed to 2 ear buds.-You can't use transparency mode while on phone calls.... So not only are you required to use both earbuds to properly have a conversation, but you can't hear your surroundings either. Even my cheapos handle single earbud use better.Thats all for now. I am shocked they were released in this state at this price point. Hardware wise, these things could be great. They could have all the big features, like multipoint, wireless charging, single earbud use, ANC, transparency mode, but on every front (aside from ANC) the implementation is so bad that the feature might as well just not exist at all.I think I will hold onto these until the amazon last return date. I have high hopes for these buds. They are the only ones on the market that, in theory has all the features. I am hoping Sennheiser gets some of these firmware bugs fixed. I have heard the TWM 2's had a rocky release as well. If they aren't fixed soon though, they are going back, and I return to cheapo's until some company builds a full featured set of buds worth the money.