CONS:1) All the zoom modes are digital. i.e. THERE IS NO ZOOM. You can get the same effect by cropping into any 4k video. This is just letting you execute a post-production FAKE zoom, but doing so in pre... while you're shooting. - It looks like you can go twice as far into the 4k video as one would usually do in post... (instead of zooming in to 2x in 1080P, it allows you to digitally "zoom" to EXPAND the size of your already captured image to 4x) but with this tiny sensor it's GRAINY AS HELL at 4X. and Forget about the advertised 8X zoom that they plastered all over the internet without mentioning that 'that's just for photos.' --> THAT'S JUST FOR PHOTOS. - FAR less than 1% of users bought this stabilized video gimbal to attach to their phone, and take photos that their phone could take. The 8X zoom was not even close to a real claim.You cannot use this device in the 3rd world or poor nations. As usual DJI is for elites and the Western Wealthy with an IMMEDIATE demand that you have internet access and a smart phone. ... And a willingness to confide in strangers, access to both. - You must be willing to use their app and have an account with them in order to "activate" an object that you bought which is no more complex than any Sony camera or disc player that does not require such obedience. - You must have an internet connection the day you "activate" your device. - You must have their app and a smartphone to address errors they make regularly in the firmware of their devices (I say this as an owner of 4 gimbals and 2 drones from these people... their updates are CONSTANTLY needed... and they never reach perfection, they just sort of stop supporting the last hardware each christmas.)You must further understand that the manual to your device is in your smart phone, not in your packaging.Again... could have been humane and powerful... ended up being corporate, systemically oppressive, and creepy.The "do-it-all" handle does not do it all. It has no headphone output. There is still... despite now having 2 new & functional mic inputs... no way to MONITOR your audio. Which no journalist, even of the lowest caliber would risk. You cannot interview someone on the spot, even for evidence, and just magically trust that you'll have good audio later. It doesn't work that way. We need to hear what we're getting for exactly the same reasons that we need to see the framing of our shot. There was no reason for failure here. The manual says nothing about the connection of bluetooth monitoring. And so far as I can see, 100% of DJIs claims of the ability to connect "external ear phones" are false. - You can connect external earphones to the handle or to YOUR CELL PHONE... to listen to PLAYBACK ONLY... which was ALWAYS an option you had so that improves this device not at all.The wireless mic that comes with the creator pack is a bluetooth mic and it sounds like it. Just like any bluetooth mic that you talk to your mom on the phone with. This sounds like that compression, because it IS that compression. Not a primetime / pro-ready mic. - It could have been 2.4ghz. It didn't have to be this. But it is.The manual says it will automatically connect to the wifi network created by the do everything handle. - It will not. This was another open falsehood. - The wifi password is in the SWIPE DOWN, GEAR ICON, Accessories menu of the Pocket Gimbal itself, not on the box, not online, not in the manual, not in the app, not on a sticker. In the gimbal. Just thought I'd write that little tidbit here so you don't go on the same quest everyone else on that user thread went on.Total failure on the addition of a useful zoom.Total failure on the audio addition.Total failure on the mandate to start writing informative manuals.Total failure on the mandate to treat their customers better.Better luck next year.UPDATE 11-23-20: You get EITHER "___ digital zoom"... OR Slow Motion. You do not get both. Under no circumstances will you zoom into a slow motion shot or be be zoomed in when you slow mo.2: You get EITHER your cell phone as a remote screen, OR digital zoom control. Not both. To be clear, I took the pocket camera to an event wherein it would need to be boomed UP on a monopod to see over a crowd barrier. I placed it atop the monopod, and clamped my cell phone to the foot of the monopod and boomed it UP so as to see over the barrier while monitoring image on the cell phone below. - I then decided to try the digital zoom via tapping the cell phone screen... turns out, there is no zoom control on the cell phone screen. The app lacks this. So I lowered the device plugged in the joystick, 'zoomed in' to an arbitrary shot, then raised it up again... when it was time to zoom back out again, I lowered the boom, used the joystick, then raised the camera up in the air again. - So... that was good.