I purchased this Perlsmith TV stand (model PSTVS13) on Dec. 9, 2020, for a 55” Toshiba. It was great until tonight at about 1:20 a.m. I was sleeping and heard a huge crashing, a ton of glass breaking, and little pops that sounded like electric sparks! I dialed “9-1” on my phone, ready to push the second “1” because I thought someone had broken into my house. That’s how loud and frightening it was at the time. Upon investigation, I realized my TV had fallen off the console and the base of the stand had completely shattered. I ran to my breaker box and shut off electricity in that room because I was coming out of my sleepy stupor and really thought something electrical was going on. Turns out, the popping sounds were actually the sound of the glass continuing to shatter.So. All in all, I’d give this one star and I would not recommend it despite the thousands of good verified reviews. It was a five star product before it spontaneously self destructed. Easy to set up. Swivel function was nice. I didn’t even have it on the highest height setting. But man. Terrifying upon failure! Also, despite vacuuming several times, I’m sure I’ll continue finding glass shards embedded in crevices and carpet for years. I will probably never buy a glass stand again. Will update when I hear back from Perlsmith. I let them know what happened. I also have a second Perlsmith stand for a small TV in my bedroom, so I’ll be replacing that, too. Yiiiikes.Update 11/14/2022: Customer service is dreadful. They’re kind on the phone, but jerk you around through email. I sent my TV invoice four times, yet they claim they haven’t received it. I took screenshots of the attachment and screenshots of the PDF itself, since they say they can’t receive PDFs from me. I saw another review that said Perlesmith agreed to pay them and then ghosted them. I would not be surprised. If your TV stand fails, you should call a personal injury lawyer right away. Dealing with these clowns is a colossal waste of time and emotional energy.