I got this with the charging stand. The headset can go into the stand two ways. One way allow you to carry in your pocket. The other way allows you to charge it like on a desk so you can quickly grab it. The Blutooth dongo for the headset fits into a little slot inside the carrying case. It took me about 5 minutes to find it.I like the fat some functions speak for a blind person. However some things you need to install the PC or phone software to turn on or off functions. Speaking of the PC, not all function work with a screen reader. Very little works that away.The headset if you are in an office, this is a good headset. However to me, this headset fits loosely on my ear. It feels like it will fall off easy if I have to move my head quickly. I tried all three sizes of ear tips and none of them make the headset feel secure.If you do a lot of walking outside; This does handle wind noise very well and background noise well like with traffic. However if you need to ware a hat like in the winter! This isn't a good headset do to the way the microphone sticks out of your ear. It will cover the controls and will cause the headset microphone to put a lot of pressure on your ear. To me, this is very bad being I walk 4 to 5 miles per day.I like the fact that the USB charging port is on the bottom of the headset and the volume buttons are on the very top of it.Now to some other down sides.The talking caller ID will not read a number of an incoming call if the person isn't in your contact list.The caller ID only will speak the name once for the initial incoming call. Nothing is spoken on call waiting calls.You must go in with the Plantronics hub to turn on the HD Audio at least in my testing to get the caller ID to work at all.It will not tell you the headset is muted more than once if you mute it and then start to speak. It will maybe tell you the first time only. This is with the latest software for it from May/June 2018.If you change the mute reminder to anything other then the default of 15 minutes, it will not remind you the headset is muted if you start to speak.For a blind person if you need to update the software on the headset! You basically can't with using the cell phone to do it. It tells you to lay down the headset. No issue with doing that, However control isn't returned back to the cell phone so a blind person can continue using a screen reader to continue with the update process for the headset. No speak output.