I was very excited to get this device so that I could finally put away my old, but trusted $25 wired Logitech unit that I've had for three years. The design of the Plantronics unit, carry case, and USB receiver made this very appealing to me, and the reviews seemed to be acceptable. The Plantronics earpiece worked very well for the first few months. The range was about 20-25 feet inside my home before it got static, and the bests part was not having to use my bulkier Logitec wired unit. I could move about the cabin and enjoy the freedom that wireless has to offer.Battery life was also great, giving me anywhere from 4-5 hours a day (I use this for business purposes). Fast-forward to about four months, and the people I was having conversations with started complaining about hearing static on my end. I connect to the internet through ATT Fiber with the average download and upload speeds of 700 Mbps, so speed has never been an issue, and by just going back to my trusted Logitech I got rid of the audio problems. I performed the standard troubleshooting steps below.1. Made sure that the receiver and the unit had the latest firmware and any subsequent updates2. Made sure that my Windows 10 Lenovo laptop had all the firmware and software updates3. Restarted all the units multiple times4. I tested on the same laptop with a different device - Problem was solved using my old Logitech headset5. Checked microphone settings and audio settings inside of windows, Skype, and other programs I use for communication6. Called support - they told me to do the same as above, had me check some Skype and Windows audio and microphone settings to no avail. In the end, support suggested that I get a replacement under warrantyPros- Small form factor- Carrying case fits the earpiece and the USB receiver- The carrying case also charges the earpiece while stored- Very good are removing background noisesCons- Volume isn't super loud even when I crank it up on the earpiece- Stopped working after medium usage within a few months- Support was ok, not great- Warranty claim process was easy and through the websiteSummary - All-in-all, I would not repurchase this unit. Very disappointed with the quality and life of it.