I love being able to listen to podcasts or music while I go to sleep, but without disturbing my wife. (She likes a quieter room for sleeping.)This headband is made of fabric that's nice and comfortable. It tends to partly cover my eyes, so I wouldn't use this except while trying to sleep, as I'd rather not run into objects while walking around.The controls you really need (power, volume, that sort of thing) are in the middle of your forehead, so they're easy to reach. The buttons work just fine and are large enough for even my sausage fingers to manage.Audio quality is good - it's not a premium product, so I didn't expect to have my socks rocked off while I snoozed. But I did hear podcasts and music clearly, even at lower volume levels, and my wife told me that she didn't hear anything. (Ideal, as that was the whole point of trying out this headband.)This uses a USB cable (not type-C, unfortunately) to charge the internal battery. Then, just connect to your device via Bluetooth. You can't use the headband while it's charging, so make a habit of putting this thing on a charger fairly regularly. I'd say that I went a few nights or so between charges...when the device still charged, that is.I bought this in August or September 2022. Didn't use it for the first few weeks that I had it. Then, for about a month, maybe five weeks, I used it every night.The charging port is underneath the fabric and is a bit fiddly to access despite there being a tiny hole in the cloth. That's a bit of a pain, but not having to mess with it every day was a plus.After those four or five weeks I already mentioned, the device stopped charging. It didn't matter which USB cable I plugged in, which wall outlet I used, or even which person tried to make this thing charge. Only when you were holding the cable snugly inside the port would the headband charge; as soon as you let go of the cable, the device stopped and, well, I don't have an hour or more to sit around holding a cheap headband and charging cable.This is a piece of junk and I wouldn't waste money on it again. Oh, and if you buy one and it miraculously lasts long enough to get dirty, too bad - it's not like you can remove the internal components to wash the fabric/cloth.Nowadays, I'm having good nighttime listening success with earbuds - nothing expensive or fancy, either.