Looking for a SURGE tower! I know down here in the South we love anything we can get fried! Let me tell you this product is above and beyond when it comes to frying! Let me tell you this is the best fry tower I or an anyone I have ever known has bought. Now you are probably thinking to yourself; WHAT? What is a fry tower? Is it a tower of fries? Some new super awesome food frying machine? Wait I swear I was looking at a table top surge protector with USB ports, soft glowing light on top, and a cute little power switch. This person is talking a about a deep fryer, oh some fried Oreo cookies sounds delicious right now. As I personally am telling my wife while typing this out, "Do we have anything we can deep fry? I am starving!" Where we live fried foods is one of the greatest things to eat in life!Unfortunately, this is not that type of fry tower!Per the description at the top of this page you are viewing it says "Surge Protector Power Strip Tower with 5 USB Ports and Night Light, 10FT Extension Cord" There is some truth in said title/description.Yes it had something that resembled a possible "night light" on top, oh and it put out some light. The extension cord I would say was 10 feet, appearing sturdy enough for practical use! Power strip in a tower form? Definitely lots of outlets for power cord to be used! USB ports there was an entire row! I mean this this is going to be perfect! My wife and I unpackaged the item with great enthusiasm as if it were a Red Ryder BB gun (The Christmas story, I can now hear my mom saying, "You'll shoot your eye out}. To tech geeks like us, it was Christmas! No more going under the desk or searching through a clutter of cables. Everything at eye level, easy and convenient with a soft glow on top so you can kind of see what you are doing in the dark. If you need to put your your phone on the charger, but don't want to actually turn on the light, the included light is bright!My wife and I decided to set this up in our office, since we work together and from home. I allowed her the honors of plugging it in to the outlet. Her eyes dancing with excitement, proceeding immediately with "May I plug the tv in?" of course I told her "yes" how could I not. I was just as excited. Tv plugged in and now playing music, I actually played our song first. She was singing along as i was opening up a laptop using my precision electric screwdriver she suprised me with a couple weeks earlier in which case the rechargeable battery died moments later. That thing HAD a great battery life. So we put it on the charger. Let me remind you it is an electric SCREWDRIVER, It looks like most small precicion screwdrivers, about the size of a sharpie marker. First time charging on our amazing new surge POWER TOWER. My wife being the eager and super excited love of my life she got all excited about the USB slot, now her USB-C no longer needs a base to charge her phone. At this point, the tv is playing music and the screwdriver is charging! USB to USB-C phone charging cord this sets off a chain of events that. Even I myself am still in disbelief of!With all I have stated I am sure you can picture in your mind what has happened to this point. Now let me reiterate, I am watching all of the previous actions to this point with my own eyes. Its easy to do when when the office is set up with desk facing one another. Now the tower is only inches away, with the USB slots facing out between us, you know..so we can both access them easily. As she is placing the USB into the Tower, the entire row of USB's FALLS IN to the tower. In those those few milliseconds after her fingers let go of the cable, the Tower went into action! Fingers free and clear of the Tower, the entire row of USB ports fell in activating the Fry Tower in all of it's glory! This is where you have that which came first the chicken or the egg scenario comes into play. All we know is when the those pesky little USB females collapsed in there was a series of sounds, flash of light, smoke, unfortunately there were no mirrors to this Fry Towers list of magic tricks. Music was permanently halted, screen with no light to shine from it, only what could be described as a horrible smell of burned aluminum (?) and smoke rising from behind the tv that looked like some one lit some foul incense behind it. The screwdriver, well it had arc marks on the outside. RIP to the lives lost from this tragedy.You may still be questioning why we now refer to this item as The Fry Tower? Then again maybe you are just finding this very true story entertaining. None the less The Fry Tower lost its life courtesy of it's murder suicide. That's right it turned that murderous surge upon itself and blew a hole right out the side of its tower! This stupid Fry Tower actually blew a hole thru the side of itself.The clean up from revealed this murder suicide combo lead us to find what was believed to be a tripped breaker. Upon investing further it actually had one last victim in its path of destruction. The breaker also lost its life, and had to be replaced.In the end The Fry Tower, aka Surge protection power tower murder spree took several electronics lives that day. We have found our self lucky in the fact that we did not loose our home and business. Though the financial cost of buying an item to protect our electronics is high which (no assistance in financial recovery of lost items to date} was high, it could have been worse.......