The first time I bought this ink, the heads very very dirty. I had to clean them four times before I could print one piece of paper. After printing two documents, my printer was begging for ink. checked the cartridges, and Black, yellow, and Magenta done, opened the second set I purchased, ink was down to the bottom in each cartridge, so I couldn't print a two page document. I called Amazon and they sent me all new replacements for the Black and Tri-color ink. Okay great, but since I'm not a heavy printer I tucked the second set of replacements away. I was able to print my documents, but the ink was going fast. I have NEVER had this issue with Brother's inkTonight, after having used my printer two other times in the past, I needed to replace the Black ink. The Print quality was terrible, and then my printer wanted yellow ink. So I open a new Black, and yellow and put them in the printer, but the Black ink is at the bottom, barely any there.. I tried printing again, still horrible, just horrible quality. So I check the ink, but now, the printer wants MAGENTA and CYAN, yes really. So I replace the MAGENTA and CYAN and neither of them are full cartridges, there is literally barely any ink in them.So here is what I think, these are not GENUINE BROTHER'S cartridges. These are refurbished, and whoever is filling them with ink, barely fills them. NO ONE should be charged this much money for ink cartridges that have barely any ink in them. The volume is SO LOW, that my printer won't let me print anything.This is SO INFURIATING because these are the REPLACEMENT cartridges, from the last batch they sent me that HAD NO INK!! DO NOT BUY THESE, IT'S A TOTAL RIP OFF. And since the 30 days has passed for an AMAZON Replacement, I'm screwed out of 104.00. I purchased two of the trio-color, and two of the Black, all of that money and I can't print one document tonight. THESE ARE NOT GENUINE BROTHER'S INK CARTRIDGES. These are refurbished LEFT OVER ink from other people's printers. TOTAL RIP OFF.