I bought that in June! There was a brief time where I thought there were some positive and the negatives were tolerable. That ship has sailed.I work in a kitchen. After many disappointing cheap eat buds, I thought maybe a more expensive, quality pair would save me money in the long run. Which may still be true. I don't know because quality these are not.At the start, I thought they were sturdy and the one positive I'll still give them is they did fit in my ears pretty well and never did fall out. So credit where it's due. And the noise canceling did work pretty well, when I was able to get sound at all. You see, that was the first red flag. Far too often, these things would just drop the audio for no apparent reason. Never during a video. Like the audio wouldn't just stop and the video keep going. But if ever the audio source, be it video or Spotify or whatever, were to pause or, like in the case of YouTube, auto play into the next video, suddenly it would have zero audio playback. This could maybe be forgivable if it was an anomaly but that KNOW this happens. Their troubleshooting guide mentions that this occurs and gives tips on what to do when it does. Ironically, they didn't seem to understand what causes it or even how to fix it. I eventually discovered that you could get the audio back by pausing playback, cycling through the noise canceling options while paused, and then resuming. If that was the only problem it would have ultimately been an annoying but tolerable problem. However, given the price of these things, it really should be unacceptable.Alas, that was my the only problem that things incurred. Because God forbid you get a little ear wax into the holes. The rubber is not easily removed so if anything at all manages to find its way in there, you're screwed. There's no way to remove the rubber cover on the rear piece in order to clean it out and restore audio. And you run the risk of damaging it if you try and clean it out with an object like a toothpick or something.My right ear bud simply became irreconcilably muffled. Nothing I did was able to fix it. Fortunately, I was used to only wearing one bud at a time, so I sucked it up and made due. Surely nothing else could go wrong?Of course, because also working in a restaurant, if any dirt or anything hairbrush to collect on the under side where the charging connectors are, the slightest imperfection won't allow them to connect and they won't charge. Oh, speaking of charge, an early problem I ran into before all of this was both of my buds would remain on, draining both batteries, even when one was still in the box and I was only using one in my ear. I had to do a Lot of fidgeting to get them to stop doing this. But I digress.In the picture, you'll notice that the cloth they cover the button with is torn off. That happened after the first two weeks. I work in a damp, humid environment, wearing gloves that often are wet, or have oil on them. They couldn't handle the bear minimum of touching one would expect to do from pausing video or constantly cycling through noise canceling features, for example. Both buds looked like this very quickly.Then the icing on the cake. I managed to drop the charging case ONE TIME. From any waist level. What's supposed to be a sturdy, tough product, took one fall and it broke the hinge on charging case. About two weeks sure that the one remaining bud I had started to simply fade away. Sound became seriously more muffled. There were times I could adjust it in my ear and get the sound back but then it would just slowly start finishing sound again until one day I could barely hear anything. Again, I have no idea if this was a clogging issue or a mechanical one, because they made it impossible to troubleshoot yourself.$130 wasted. Not a single redeeming quality left that I can say would make these worth purchasing. I can only give it a one star review but let's call it 0.5 since they did fit in my ears well.Best advice I can give is seek elsewhere.