Let me start with the good. The sound is pretty decent.Now for the rest. This review covers two pairs of the same buds. I had to exchange a defective pair.SetupBrand new, out of the box. Install the Jaybird app, open the case and the little light starts flashing. Launch the app and it can't find the buds. Try again. Still can't find the buds. Repeat a few more times and finally the app pops up the bluetooth pairing box (iOS) and you can pair. All the while, the app still telling you it can't find the buds. Prompted to install firmware update. That went ok.QualityI fully charged the buds and the case. Unplugged the case and it sat on my desk for 2 days. I noticed the case was flashing red. Upon inspection, the case had fully discharged with no use. Recharged and again, the case discharged in 2 days with zero use of the buds, just sitting. Contacted Jaybird tech support. They were reasonably quick, getting back to me in 24 hours with details on how to exchange under warrantee. I filled out all the required paperwork, provided copies of my receipt from Amazon and a screen shot of the app with the serial numbers. Received another reply from tech support to fill out my contact info (which I had already done). I filled out a 2nd time. Received a third request from tech support to fill out my contact into. I gave up and exchanged them with Amazon without issue and they quickly sent a replacement pair.UseWent out for a bike ride using the buds. Given the guy in the fitment video was on a bike, I figure this is what they were made for. Turned on SurroundSense so I can hear the traffic around me and the wind noise was horrible. Anything above 5mph sounded like you just stuck your head out the car window on the freeway. I turned on the ANC to see if that would help and it didn't. Through all that wind noise, I could kind of make out the music. And what I heard was cracking, popping and not consistently playing in both ears. I pulled to the side of the road to make sure it wasn't the wind noise I was hearing and it wasn't. The buds were losing connectivity to my iPhone, which was in my back jersey pocket, literally inches away. And they were losing contact with each other as the left bud would intermittently stop playing. So I gave up and put them in the case for the rest of the ride. I also tried taking a walk with them. You can hear your footsteps in your ears as thump, thump, thump. Very annoying. Can't imagine jogging with them in. It doesn't seem like they have pressure equalization like AirPods do. I never hear my steps wearing AirPods.ConclusionThey are the worse excuse for sports buds I've tried. Sending them back (again). And one last annoyance. If you do have these buds and for some reason need to replace them. You cannot remove the old pair in your app. You can "forget" the old pair in iOS bluetooth settings, but not the Jaybird app. The only way to get rid of the old pair is to delete the app, download it again, log back in, and then go through the "buds not found" dance while trying to pair them.