3/20/22: 8 Months in update, it hasn't gotten better it has gotten worse. A couple mouth I started having issues with the sound not playing, this required multiple phone & head phones reboot per day... This was apparently a bug related to the app. I uninstalled the app and the problem went away... But today, the same problem started again, this time no app installed. These headphones are are a fraud. Stay away. I've own dozens of Logitech products that I have mostly loved but this, this is an absolute disappointment, this is my 4th set of Jaybirds but it will be my last.12/17/21: 4 Months in update. The software is still not fixed. See my review below but, there is still no way to disable noise cancelling during the calls.So these headphones are still plainly not usable outside due to parasitic wind noise injection during calls. I also noticed other non wind related instances where to noise cancelling software is totally falling apart, for instance I can't make a call next to my induction cook-top because the noise of the induction creates some awe-full noise artifacts in my hears. I really can't recommend these despite the great fit, stay away, it's not worth it.8/21/21: Overall I'm fairly happy with them, they hit the basic: great comfort/fit and solid, fully customizable controls. I've used these for about a month and I'm going to keep them. Theses are my 3rd pair or Jaybirds over the last 6 years and I hope that they will last 3+ years like the other ones. Now, they have one serious issue...So let's start with that main issue that pops 2 starts off (I'll pop 3 if that doesn't get solved in the next few months): The audio processing sucks. It can either do ANC or some kind of aware mode and there are some very serious issues with both. The headphones have loads of artifacts when faced with specific sounds. For example, shaking a set of keys next to them will make your ears bleed. The wind noise is also absolutely horrific. The "wind defense" or whatever marketing BS they use is a nothing short of a lie totally detached from reality. In fact these might be the worst headphones at handling wind that I've ever encounter. This could be somewhat acceptable if it weren't for the final insult, when on a call, the headphones goes into "aware mode" and there is no way to disable that so you get the artifacts and wind noise as feedback. This makes it impossible to use them on the go. The other day I just wanted to listen in onto a meeting for work while on my bike but I simply couldn't hear the meeting because all I could hear was the feedback wind picked up by the mic while going 8mph on windless day.Regarding comfort, I can wear them for hours and not feel any comfort issue, they are tenaciously attached to my ear and I feel that I can be as active as I want and they will stay put. I also love the fact that they are basically waterproof since I sweat a lot.The controls are great. The real buttons are awesome since you have tactile feedback on activation and they feel nice under the finger. They are customizable in the app with control for left/right and 1/2/3 taps and "hold". The default for hold is volume up on the right and volume down on the left which works great.Finally, The sound quality is good but not top of the class. For what I use them for though that's not really a problem.