Month+ update: They just don't charge. The case lights up (after a lot of work to make sure both earbud lights are on, because one usually does not want to) but nothing is charged. I turn them on a few hours later after charging and I get "Less than 20%. Please charge." And it shuts off. These things also seem to hate any type of water. Major disappointment. All use within suggested guidelines. Just not that durable.3 WEEK UDPATE: One of the earbuds will get very quiet as the other continues at full volume. Tolerable when listening to a podcast, though still very irritating. Unusable with music. Hissing sounds after they get wet, too. Also with the Surroundsense, small high pitched noises or any short noise will cause disruptions and sometimes a high frequency mirroring effect that is quite annoying. First went down to a 2, but the problem is persistent and they are now unusable. Now 1/5, starting from 5/5, in such a short time :(2 WEEK UPDATE: The quality is questionable and I'm kinda wondering if they will just randomly quit out on me after they have done some weird things (grab them together to pick them up and they make a high pitched noise, sometimes one bud will give a weird hiss/air release sound). On top of that, I agree with some comments that the sizes are too different. Small to medium is such a huge range. Medium to large isn't too bad, but still a lot more than I've experienced with other buds (I have to get the large in just right to avoid irritation, but medium doesn't want to stay in well and wobbles). However, they haven't quit out yet, and are still fully functionable. But going down to a 4.I bought the original Vista because it's a minimalist fit (no ear tangleups with masks, sunglasses, etc.), durable and waterproof earbud with decent sound quality (you lose some fidelity for its excellent active lifestyle tradeoff)I decided to upgrade once I saw the Vista 2 had 'Surroundsense' to hear your surroundings outside, or communicate with people inside and hear what's happening around the house. It's the best application of this I've seen, and has a great level of customization. It's absolutely better than what my Sony WF and WH XM4s can do, and even offers customization for how much you want to hear, which most headphones only have for their ANC (if my partner turns on the TV or plays music out of a speaker, I turn down the Surroundsense a bit). This is an active earbud, so this customization and open-earbud feeling it provides is very welcome.If you want ANC, it's noticeably less effective than the Sonys I just mentioned, but good enough so I can continue my audiobooks while blowdrying my hair.One note: set-up was confusing and I assumed at first that the earbuds were dead on arrival. However, through a bit of trial and error I figured it out and they work great.I'm about one week in, so I'll update if durability is an issue.