after having the 1st Vista earbuds for years, I sadly lost them a few weeks agowhen I ordered the 2.0 I was hoping for a slightly better product with some updates, but got a disasteroff the top of my head:1) the connection is HORRIBLE - like 1st generation 5+ years ago wireless earbuds bad. I can't wear my phone on my left arm and get connection to my right earbud while running if there's only 1 in. people complain about not being able to hear my on the phone because of connection. I used to use them primarily to run, but of course use them to talk on the phone. the distance they stay connected is fine, but this is something new to this version that just wasn't ever an issue with the 1st version2) the pause button does NOT work with any sort of continuity. you basically can't pause something, take out the earbud, and expect it to have remained paused when you put it back in. I have tried to be incredibly careful when removing/replacing the earbud and I'm not even sure it's overly sensitive because I have tried everything. It's almost like any movement un-pauses the pod. I'm begining to think there's a preset time it remains paused for because it's so bad but if that's the case, WHY?3) it will randomly toggle between noise cancelling (read: static) option and whatever setting does not sound like a jet engine in the backround when first connecting. there does not seem to be a default.4) switching from one independent earbud to the other is a total crapshoot. it's almost guaranteed to stop what you were listening to once you turn the 2nd one on. one of the buds might switch into static-mode from issue #3. once the connection is made, you have to restart what you were listening to so you miss the first 3 seconds or so while it tells you how much battery is left in the new pod.5) pretty sure the earbud just turns off after an hour of not being touched. it's happened a couple of times on runs that it just drops off. sure, this might save your battery every once in a while, but how about a prompt of "touch your ear if you don't want earbud to shut down"I have no idea if I got an (incredibly) faulty set or if the 2.0 version is just this bad but I wish the 1.0 version were more readily available so I could just go back to what worked.