Everything about these wireless buds are great, except they transmit an atrocious low frequency noise that make them useless and are apt to give you a headache. I bought these for my wife after careful consideration of styles, brands, etc. I chose these based on reviews, design, features, and my wife's running friend community which recommended them. They were a pain to set up to her wretched iphone. Took probably 30 tries of doing the same thing over and over before they finally connected. Then upon first use on the treadmill, my wife complained about uncomfortable noise. I then tried them out, and yeah, they're pretty bad. It's not necessarily "ambient" noise, but any noise that's generated thru your body to your ears. The plodding of feet on the treadmill, movement of your head or jaw... Literally, just sitting down at my desk chair, with no music playing and no background noise, just opening and closing my jaw produces a low frequency noise that I can only attribute to the rubber ear pieces. I will say that the outer moon-shaped ear pieces are essential for keeping the earbuds in-place. But the rubber tips create a sort of airtight connection with your ear canal. So right off the bat there's an uncomfortable pressure in the ears. Then any movement or impact that can reach your head is amplified as a bass-like noise that overrides the music. Absolutely everything else about these earbuds is awesome. But that transmitted noise is completely unacceptable and my wife refuses to use them. You cannot even "get used to them" because imagine running...with your feet constantly hitting the treadmill or ground. That constant boom-boom-boom is enough to drive you insane. I've already tried different devices, types of music, and changing the settings. None of this matters. It is the rubber ear tips that are at fault here.I myself have used different earbuds over the years. Any time I've used buds with similar rubber tips they have always failed in one way or another (they fall out, they sound terrible, too much pressure/noise, etc.). I finally got a pair of wired Bose that I swear by. They fit perfect, have that extra ear piece that keeps them in place, and DO NOT make a sealed, air-tight connection with your ear canal. So yeah some ambient noise gets in, and they are not wireless, but I'll take these drawbacks over that feeling of constant pounding in my head.