First, I need to say that I really wanted to like this product. I am a runner and enjoy a certain bond with my gear. These were purchased to upgrade from my running headphones of 3-4 years, the Soundcore by Anker- Sport Air Wireless Workout Headphones - an inexpensive, but nearly indestructible and *reliable* headphone.The Jaybirds look great, and they deliver in terms of fit and style, perfect for working remotely from the coffee shop. Sound quality is acceptable. These were purchased primarily for running and occasional bicycle workouts - I did not expect extremely high sound quality. These were purchased for fit, style, ease of use, and RELIABILTY.I have owned the Vista 2 for about 10 days, and have babied them thus far. Firmware updates were completed before use. By my third run, sound started dropping from the left earbud, which could be rectified by unpairing the headphone and reconnecting. Not ideal two miles into a run. Since then, I noticed a low charge on the left bud and the occasional need to re-pair. This evening, I had just a little time before sundown and made sure to drag myself out for a run. Other runners might recognize the value of lacing up, popping in earbuds and decompressing from a stressful workday. Well...A few minutes in, sound drops from the left. Re-pair: sound drops from the right. Reboot phone - shows pairing but no sound in either earbud. Ran home in the dark. In silence.My impression is that Jaybird tried to pack these with a lot of features, but they don't do any one thing very well. I sense that one is paying a premium for the app itself, which is nice, but also not great. The multitude of user eq presets are cool but superfluous - the headphones themselves are limited in terms of what one can pull out of them. I would give the above-mentioned $35 Ankers an edge on sound and a clear win in terms of reliability. I tried to contact Jaybird by chat and reached a bot, which told me to call during business hours or send an email. I will be pushing Amazon and Jaybird for a return. 10 days in and a series of headaches. For $150, I expected much more.