I bought these to use for walking and hiking, plus the occasional gym use. For that, they worked great...until they didn't...Let me start with the positives...Good comfort and stability when in the ears...No concern with these falling out. Audio quality is great, once try out the various sound EQ profiles available in the app. Once you select a profile, it's saved to the buds so no need for the app, once you have set them up. A good amount of button controls that can be customized. Noise cancellation is good, but not great but good enough for my use case. Battery life is good and the case can charge wireless or directly, via USB-C. The case is small and not bulky so you can easily carry these in a pocket.The negatives...These pick up a large amount of wind noise, when the wind is coming directly front on. Would not recommend at all to anyone wanting to use these for cycling or bike riding. Not sure if this could be improved via a firmware update but I'm not holding out hope. I'm not a cyclist so this isn't a huge issue for me. Whatever you assign as the long press, on either bud, you have to hold it down for like 3-5 seconds before anything happens. Say, you assign a voice assistant as a long press...You have to hold the button down, pushing the bud into your ear for awhile before it works. This is a minor but annoying thing...again, maybe fixable via a firmware update...maybe...The BAD...After a week and a half, the right bud died. It won't charge and you can see it in the app, alternating between being charged 5% or some other random amount, then switching to disconnected...I followed the steps to do a reset...Didn't help. Did the full factory reset and the right bud just refuses to work. You drop the bud in the case...No charge, no go...I'm not going to bother contacting Jaybird and dealing with their support after reading some reviews here and around the web about their lack of support. I'm doing a replacement directly through Amazon and should have the new set tomorrow. I'll update this, after trying them out.I would recommend anyone interested in these to hold off for awhile or look elsewhere because of potential long term reliability issues...If my replacement set starts acting up, I'm just going to return these and look for a different solution...