I already have 4 NICGIGA security cameras with ADORCAM app and I am extremely happy with them. I just wanted to add 2 more cameras. Searching for WiFi battery operated security camera landed with Zumimall. Upon seeing "Amazon's Choice" and many thousands of reviews, I thought the choice was obvious and bought 2 ZUMIMALL cameras. I unsuccessfully spent over 2 days in "trying this and configuring that" to no avail. Below is the highlight of ZUMIMALL camera and ZUMIMALL app:1 - Memory insertion and removalInserting 128 GB SDXC memory card is a bit tricky but good luck in removing it. Once it is inside, it is extremely difficult (if not impossible) to remove. The notch needs to be redesigned to facilitate removal of the memory card.2 - Daytime human motion detection hit-and-missDetecting human motion (with sensitivity set to 8 out of 10 in the app) during daytime is hit-and-miss. It has mind of its own and works 50% of the time at best. Technically speaking, the security camera is supposed to go to sleep during no motion detection, however, it should wake up upon motion within a reasonable time period (under 5 seconds). NOPE! I walked right in front of the camera and waved both of my hands for literally 30 seconds. It finally woke up after I was completely gone away from the camera. After installing the first camera in my backyard (and turned it on after fully configuring it), I was in the process of installing the second one in my front yard. My wife emerged from backyard to front yard to see what I was doing and I was surprised that the backyard camera did NOT trigger and detect her motion during bright day.3 - Daytime motion detection lacking the substanceWhen the camera did finally detect human motion during daytime, I was ecstatic and immediately checked out the results. I was horrified to see that the app showed a couple of still snapshots of the beginning 5 seconds of the motion (while camera was still in process of fully waking up). The ending of the 30-second motion was detected via video which missed to capture the actual frontal body including face as I had already started walking away from the camera by then. This was to simulate a delivery person dropping a package at your front door.4 - Video qualityThe latest F5 model is supposed to be 2K. You would be lucky to get barely SD quality video. If you configure it to QHD, it would be a huge drag on the wakeup time and video recording quality is NOT QHD.5 - Battery lifeThe manufacturer claims the battery life being 2-6 months. Forget about it. After charging both cameras (plugged in using the supplied cable) for over 8 hours, the battery indicator showed 100%. After only 1 day of fumbling with the camera, the battery life very next day showed 91%. This means it used up 9% of the battery life for virtually no motion detection within 1 day. Simple math tells me that the fully charged battery would last no more than 11 days.6 - Night visionThe night vision is absolutely horrible. Completely dark. One of the main reasons to buy security camera is for nighttime vigilance and it failed miserably.7 - Zumimall appThe app user interface is subpar. It takes a long time to understand how to maneuver through the app.Needless to say that I am a professional engineer and a great handyman. This was an overall frustrating experience and my wife urged me to pack up the cameras to return as she noticed I spent an excessive time with great patience to remain optimistic. I sent a polite email to ZUMIMALL customer service which they did reply back within 1 day asking me to not post a negative review. I had enough reasons to return the cameras as I realized that they are just piece of crap.