I don't normally review products, but this headset was absolutely horrible and demands a review. I bought it to use with my PC for online education via Go To Meeting sessions. I plugged it in and connected the USB cable to charge while listening to a training video and was impressed with the sound quality and fit of the headset. After the battery charged, I disconnected the USB cable and tried watching the same video again and had immediate distortion of audio and drop out if I turned my head slightly or moved away from the PC. The PC and BT transceiver are on my right side, about three feet away from the headset as I wear it. I walked about 10 feet out of the room, still in line of sight of the PC, and totally lost the signal, as announced by a pleasant voice in the headset.I switched the headset so the mic was on my right side facing the PC and the dropout rate was reduced but there was still occasional clipping of the audio. Then I placed my hands over the headset to adjust the fit and totally lost the signal again. Soon as my hands were removed, audio was restored. Put my right hand up to my ear and the audio dropped out or was clipped until I lowered my hand.I spent $200.00 on this headset for the "long wireless range" the device is supposed to have, but if it won't work sitting right next to the PC, then that's a problem.I have been using a pair of Plantronics Audio 995 wireless headsets that cost $50.00 and work 100 times better than the Jabra device. I've never had any dropout or clipping while sitting next to the PC and I have been able to walk out of sight of the PC and still maintain a weak connection.I went to Jabra's website for support, entered the model number, and called the number listed to see if they had any suggestions. The first thing the guy told me was that I contacted the wrong department. It's not like I used the yellow pages to get their number, if their website can't give me the correct number for the model I entered, well, that's their problem. So I told him the headsets weren't working right and since he couldn't help me, I'd return them and use the Plantronics that work much better out of the box.Bottom line, for $200.00 I'd expect something that works better, not worse, than the $50.00 Plantronics headset I have.Very disappointing.