VERY inaccurate/ambiguous results when searching for the lost item!MAY be practical for indoor usage, only; but the already WAY-less-loud-than-described/claimed beeper is pretty much inaudible/useless outdoors - like in or under a bush.Maybe it's output IS actually 88db - at 1 inch!!NOT so, in my experience!88 db is the level of LOUD shouting; and just under the sound of an unusually loud semi-truck rig passing within 10/15 feet!!My cats were regularly shedding collars, when I first began making them wear them (starting, as adults, both).My younger cat went through seven collars, before settling down. My older cat, three.They have safety releases; and I was/am loath to use non-safety ones (my younger cat was getting into scraps with the local feral cat population; and occasionally still does [though much less frequently, now]).So... lost Rabies tags, both (with those first collars). And also the VERY expensive ($19/set!) bells (that I also quit buying!).The bells (off Amazon) WERE loud, however. :-)When my younger cat 'lost' the first collar (W/tags & bells), I spent several hours, over several sessions, trying to locate the exact location of the collar. Made more difficult because I'm in a wheelchair. Maybe... if you could actually crawl among/under the bushes... it MIGHT work out.As happens... I could get (sort-of semi-repeatable) indication that the collar WAS likely in some bushes... somewhere... in/on this particular vacant lot across the street (heavy growth, all over; near impossible for me to navigate in the chair - though I tried, repeatedly).I tried from all directions, and could never get a reliable indication of the location; much less, hear the beeper.I also got all sorts of FALSE indications, over about a two acre area - on the one lot, AND in multiple places on another lot, across another street from the first lot!Basically... worthless.When my older cat lost HIS SmartTagged collar, I only spent a couple hours or so searching. No indications - whatsoever! - during my entire, several block search.Total waste of time.And this cat rarely goes out; and, then, not very far (10 to 50 feet) or for very long (complete opposite of my other cat).From the mfgr's desc, I thought/got the impression that I would/should be able to track my cats' comings & goings/whereabouts.Forget that!!Again, totally useless reading/indications.I also tagged two sets of my keys. Less than 1% of the time, my ph app would note that I was more than 10 feet away from one of my key sets (that sits in my wooden desk, and that I exceed 10/20/50/100/hundreds of feet from on a daily/weekly basis).So, again, pretty much worthless. (I tried using the SmartTags over about a 4 month period).My other set of tagged keys is kept on my body at all times. Easily a dozen times or more (over those months) the ph app would report me being over the warning distance away... despite the keys still being ON my body, in my jean's pocket... and literally within 8 INCHES of my phone - where it's (two-part) case) is attached to the underside of the chair arm, on the SAME side I carry my keys on my body!The SmartTags are also too large. In order to attach them to my cats' collars, I bought silicone SmartTag covers. Using the hole in one end (that reveals the matching mounting/retention hole in the SmartTag), I punched another hole in the other end of the silicone cover (only), and then used the two holes to tyrap the SmartTag to each cat's collar.Which worked fine. As far as it went.But... they really were too large.Maybe OK/acceptable... on a 40 lb dog's collar.As far as the ones I attached to my key sets... again, waaay too large; making it a battle every time I tried to pull my on-person set out of my jean's pocket (while seated in the chair); something I could relatively easily do - W/O the tag on the key ring. (This keyring is on a lanyard, attached to my belt).Yes, I could/can stand, snake a hand into my pocket, and pull the keyring out w/o too much grief.But... I can only stand for few seconds at a whack; and, then, only with something to hold onto, to steady me.Grumble, grumble! :-)So... I think the technology utilized in these SmartTags is woefully short of useful; with ANY sort of reliability or practicality!A total waste of $80, as far as I'm concerned.I removed them from my keyrings, as I felt they were of no real use; and basically just unnecessarily complicating my life - with literally no return.Maybe your results will be better.HIGHLY, HIGHLY NOT Recommended!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!