I have mixed emotions about this product for a number of reasons. I bought 5 of these with the intention of installing all of them on the same day, so far I installed 2 - I might return the rest. The good - it was very simple to install, offers great video and audio quality, great features for motoring and play back, 2 way audio etc. I was doing some research and this is probably one of the best security cams out there. If you have a strong WiFi signal in many areas (I have access points all over my property) of your home and a power outlet you are good to go. No worries about changing camera batteries, connecting to a proprietary hub with a limited range, etc. Pretty much it is plug and play, almost. The bad: Had issues with the Nest app setting up my first cam on my iPhone (iOS 10) - the app just hung on Looking for WiFi networks. So I plugged the USB end of the cam into my computer, ran the .exe and set it up that way. The USB power connection with the cylinder lock mechanism from the camera to the power connector caused me to drill a hole much larger than theoretically needed when installing the camera wire through walls. They should have offered some sort of disconnect or a locking plug-thing on both ends that way you don't have to drill such a large hole to feed it through. Once I had it installed it worked but then stopped. I needed to reboot my router and change the WiFi channel from 1 to auto - so far so good. My biggest gripe is the Nest Aware cloud storage service to provide monitoring features and storage of your history. I found this out AFTER I bought the product - they need this information to be clear in the description of the product on Amazon's site as it is no where to be found. The problem is that they only offer 2 cloud storage option subscriptions to store your history with their Nest Aware cloud storage offering. Don't get me wrong you get some great features for it but those prices are also a bit high for cloud storage especially if you have multiple cameras. Here is the break-down: Currently as of 10/24/2016:1) 10 day - $100 per year per camera with a $50 discount for each additional cameraSo for me - that would be $300 / year - to store 10 days of history for 5 of my cameras. That I already spent $1000 on.OR - They also have:2) 30 day - $300 per year / camera with a discount 50% discount per camera ($150 per year)This is ridiculous for home consumers who want simple home security. I used this for home security, if nothing happens on that day - it can be overwritten the next day for all I care. Nest - please make a subscription option for home security for owners to choose how much storage they want or offer and entry level package to store 1 or 2 days storage at a reasonable price.I found out that if you contact Nest and make this suggestion - they will provide your feedback and report it to the Sale organization for consideration. I lived chat with a Nest rep yesterday and that is what he told me.