UPDATE 9/3/2019 This has to be said.Most of the time I'm the type of person who says: "If you can't say anything good about a product, don't say anything at all." The problem is that there is so much wrong with this product now that I feel I'm obligated to update this review.Google bought Nest back in 2015. Until recently, Nest customers didn't really notice this fact. I'm sure many of them didn't even realize that Nest was a Google-owned company. Google has now "taken the reigns" of Nest and has been systematically dismantling it. The former customers are irate (App Store rating of 1.9 currently) and Google does not seem to care.They started off small by updating the software to no longer allow the camera LEDs to be turned off. This was an absurd "privacy" move. Anyone who purchased a Nest cam for discrete security purposes was very upset at this decision. I was one of these customers. I use a Nest cam for a security camera which is placed inside on a windowsill facing out to view the yard. Nest cameras formerly worked well for this purpose because you could turn off the LED and the night mode function. Now you can no longer turn off the LED and it reflects back from the glass in the image. This problem can be remedied by covering it with a small piece of electrical tape, but you should not have to do this on a $200.00 camera. I should note that the tape fix does not work if you need to use the camera's night mode function because it interferes with the light sensor.The next genius move by Google was to remove IFTTT support. If you are not familiar with with it, IFTTT is an applet service you can use to link your smart home devices and give them autonomous functionality. This is an awesome free service that really makes smart home products "smart." For example, you could link your Nest cam to IFTTT and have it send an e-mail to your work e-mail address if your camera was triggered by a person entering your house. Google nixed IFTTT support on August 31, 2019.Nest introduced the Nest Secure alarm system back in 2017. This was a nice little DIY wireless alarm system. It was attractive and discrete albeit a little pricey. They even introduced a cellular backup feature for people who wished to self-monitor their alarm systems. Even if someone cut the internet feed to your home, you would still get an alert on your phone when the alarm was triggered via the cellular service. Google has announced they will discontinue the cellular backup service in August 2020.Therefore I cannot recommend anyone purchase Google Nest devices for their homes. Your purchase may end up being something completely different in the future. This would be like purchasing a refrigerator with an ice maker. A rep. from the company sneaks into your house in the middle of the night and removes the ice maker. The response you get is: "Sorry we are no longer offering that feature. Your appliance has been updated to reflect this product change." I think the only way to stop this type of business practice is in the courts. We need laws preventing companies from making feature-removing software/firmware changes to their products without owner consent.*PREVIOUS REVIEWS*October, 2016So far so good for the Nest Cam. I have to admit I was a bit hesitant to purchase this cam after reading some of the negative reviews. I suspect the problems people have had are not the camera's fault because my install and first impressions are very good. I purchased the camera to keep an eye (and ear) on my home when I'm away.The camera was a snap to install. You just plug it in, download the app to your phone or tablet, and follow the on-screen app instructions for install. I did have a failure on the very first attempt to connect to my WiFi, but the second "retry" attempt connected immediately and I have not experienced any other connect failures.Before you purchase a Nest Cam, I would highly recommend downloading WiFi signal strength and speed test apps. Hold your phone in the location you intend to install the cam and run the signal strength and speed test apps. If your signal is weak, you may need to re-position your router or get a range extender. If you plan on running your Nest Cam at 1080p resolution, the cam will use up to 1.2 Mbps of bandwidth. The default quality setting is 720p. I found the default quality to be more than adequate for a security cam so I just left it alone.One of the features I really like about the Nest Cam is the sound alert function. The camera will monitor sound in the room and send you an alert if it hears a sound that is different from the normal background noise (i.e. a smoke alarm or a breaking window). It also looks for motion and will send an alert if the camera sees someone moving in the room. You can even use the sound function to talk to anyone who happens to be in the room. "The police have been notified. I suggest you get out of my house." Sound alerts are disabled by default so be sure you turn it on in the settings if you want this feature.Now for the cons. One complaint I have is with the cam response time for turning on and connecting to the app. I want my cam to be on when I'm away and off when I'm home. I've found that it takes about 30 seconds for the cam to come on-line after touching the "Away" button. The only other solution for me is to have the cam on all the time, but I don't have the desire for this. There is a scheduler function that you can use to turn your cam on for a defined period of time each day, but that will only be useful if your schedule is very consistent.The best option I've found is to use the scheduler function for my work days and the "Home/Away" function for my days off or when my work schedule varies. This is a nuisance considering the high-tech. nature of this device. In my opinion it really shouldn't require so much manual intervention by the user. (I deducted 1 star for this.) It seems that Nest wants you to leave your camera on 24/7, but this seems really unnecessary to me. I don't want to waste bandwidth recording every minute of my life when I'm at home. A geo-fencing ability for the cam to automatically come online when it senses your mobile devices are away would be a very welcome feature.Overall, I would say the Nest Cam is a really cool product. Its features provide a lot of versatility for use and It adds another layer of security to your home even if you already have an alarm system. I've only had it for a month so I can't comment on its long term reliability yet, but I'll update my review if I have any problems.UPDATE 7/17/16 No ProblemsThe Nest Cam is still working. I'm pleased to update that they have added geo-fencing (+1 star). This resolves my biggest complaint about having to manually enable the cam if you don't want it recording 24/7. You can link the cam to one or more smartphones or tablets and have the camera automatically turn on when the camera detects that the devices are not in the area. So far, it seems to be working pretty well. Whenever I'm not at home and I check my phone, the cam is on. When I return with my phone, the cam automatically turns off.It probably isn't the best choice for someone interested in a ultra high-security application. The cam is dependent on WiFi so if someone cuts your internet connection or jams the signal, the cam won't see a thing. However, if the cam has lost internet connectivity for at least 30 minutes, the Nest server will notify you. You can increase the security of your connection by using a cellular WiFi hotspot for the cam and a UPS for the power adapters.If you need a cam that lets you check in on your home when you're on vacation to make sure it's not burning down, flooding or broken-into, Nest Cam does the job. I think it is a useful product and I'm eagerly awaiting the outdoor version.UPDATE 2/26/17The Nest cams are still working well. I added 2 additional cams for a total of 3 to monitor the interior of the house as well as the front and back yards. I decided to go with indoor cams pointed out windows instead of the outdoor cam for convenience and ease of installation. I have some high mounted sun windows in the house that are perfect for putting a camera in. As long as you have decent lighting outside, the cams work just fine even after dark. All I had to do was disable the front LEDs and turn off night vision. If you are home with the lights on, the reflection from the interior lights may make it difficult to see outside, but with the interior lights off they work really well. This is just fine for me because I wanted the cameras to monitor my house when I'm not at home. Nest also continues to improve the software. You can now view multiple cams in one window, and they've added an image quality function that automatically selects the best quality based on your connection.I did have remove one star from my rating due to the competition that Nest Cam has now. Unfortunately, Nest continues to gouge its customers with pricey subscription fees to get cloud storage when its competitors are offering free cloud storage. Therefore, my next cam will probably not be a Nest Cam.12/30/18I've been living with these cameras for almost 3 yrs now. All of my cameras are still working and overall I'm pleased with this product. Nest devices are quality products and I've even added a thermostat and the Nest protect smoke/CO detectors.I've all but eliminated the app delays by upgrading my wifi router. The cameras turn on automatically via the application's home/away feature. I even bit the bullet and subscribed to the Nest Aware service for 2 of my cameras to get full functionality. Rarely, the home/away function fails to turn on or off the cameras. This used to happen more often so they must be fixing bugs on a regular basis. Overall, the reliability for the cameras and app have been very good.My #1 complaint with the Nest cams would be that they force you into a subscription service to obtain full camera functionality. You must have a Nest Aware subscription to create activity zones and have the person recognition feature. Personally I feel that they should give a 24hr subscription for free and charge extra if you want more storage time. If you don't subscribe, in 30 days, you will have a crippled version of the camera. It's not like Nest is some struggling startup that needs the money. Nest is owned by Google.