I got all hyped up on this projector right after E3. It was voted one of the best products of the entire show. It was reviewed brilliantly on YouTube. For years I haven’t wanted to go into a movie theater because people suck and ruin my experience. I wanted to recreate the feeling of light bouncing off of a screen and back to your eyes because that is a major element to the in-theater experience. So I purchased it. I couldn’t wait. The day it arrived I nearly broke my leg running to the door. I opened it, marveled at the brilliant design, plugged it in and once I started working with it, the joy balloon began deflating. It has an operating system, hooks up to wi-fi and you can download all the apps that are on your TV. I loved the idea of the swivel and being able to project at most any angle, until I got it at the precise angle and watched it slowly dip from that angle to half way off the screen. To keep it at the angle you have to tighten the screws until it won’t move. The operating system was so slow and laggy and the brightness was so weak that I had to wait until it was pitch black outside to watch anything. They tout that it can be a lamp and give you this piece that doesn’t even fit properly. When I realized how much I paid for this trash, I started doing some research. In just 2 hours I became very educated. Those brilliant reviews on YouTube were done by people who got the projector free. There were some honest folks on YouTube that bought it themselves and told the truth. The big deal in a projector is ANSI Lumens. You want a higher number as that determines the brightness and sharpness. Armed with my new knowledge I went back to Amazon and started looking at projectors that were highly rated. Get this, I paid $897.99 for a projector that could project a 30 -100 foot screen at an output of 240 ANSI Lumens with a dreadful navigation. After searching just a few minutes I found the Xgimi Elfin, that projects up to a 200 foot screen with 800 ANSI Lumens, an auto keystone and auto focus feature that are miraculous, an operating system that reacts immediately and all for the price of $649.00 plus, Amazon offers a $50 discount coupon! Oh, and the built in Harmon Kardon speakers are lit! Every single feature is better that the Samsung Freestyle and all for less than $600. I nearly broke my leg running to the UPS Store to return the Samsung. I’ve had the Xgimi since late February and am so pleased with it. I can use it in a bright room and the picture is sharp and bright! You have to hand it to the marketing team at Samsung who really pitched the Freestyle brilliantly. It’s a shame they tagged it at such a high price and didn’t deliver on all the hype. Save $300 and get a better projector. You can thank me later.