The highlight of this camera is its color night vision - that is WAY COOL and leaves a $310 Arlo Ultra 4k eating mountains of dust If it weren't for other issues, that would push anyone to give it five stars. Not unique to Anran, but also a BIG time-saver is the ability to steer the camera from the app - another big advantage over the ultra-expensive Arlo (that you will probably have to climb the ladder a half-dozen times before you get it properly positioned). Two big plusses for the Anran there, but...I wanted two of these and tried four to get one that was dreamy and one that didn't collect enough charge in a day to prevent the camera from running out of power in a week, even though facing straight South in Las Vegas in mid-June. I returned one for its inability to format the SD card and two weren't getting enough charge from the solar panel to bring the camera battery back to 100%. By the time the fifth one arrived, the server had been down for two days (out of twelve that I'd been paying attention); at that point, a 17% downtime (if that's all it turned out to be after I stopped looking) thereby making the cameras worthless (to me anyway).To be fair, installation is more straightforward than the booklet would suggest 'cause (in a couple of places) the camera beeps when it has finished the current initialization step. Inconveniently, the MAC address is not discoverable in the app or on the camera, so you have to disable MAC filtering, get the camera an IP address, then add the new MAC and re-enable MAC filtering. Not horrible, but a little inconvenient. A more important concern... the clips that secure the camera to the mount have very little grip on the camera - it would only take a very mild whack from a broom (a semi-stiff stick might do fine) to dislodge the camera from its mount, the camera would fall, your security would be down in two seconds, and the whacker could stick the $90-120 camera in a backpack and walk off with it.Another irritant ... the screws provided are soft metal junk. If the wood you are screwing into is tough/hard fir used on exterior fascia, you'll be fighting to get them screwed in, which will likely damage the Phillips heads (probably beyond usability). If you are lucky enough to still be able to grab the head with pliers, you can back it out and if not, you have a MESS on your hands that will involve drilling through the head first. If the fascia is fir, you'd be wise to use your own construction-worthy screws. The camera mount won't tolerate a larger head than supplied - that's going to be tough to satisfy - drywall screws have larger heads that won't fit into the indents in the mount without preventing the camera clips from engaging fully (a connection that's already tenuous). The solar panel screws can be somewhat larger and still work, so a tough drywall screw will do the trick there.A minor irritant - the app automatically defaults to the network that the phone is attached to (even when it's 5Ghz) though the camera will only talk to 2.4GHz. Why show 5GHz networks AT ALL?One more problem... The CloudEdge app (which is actually fairly decent) sometimes shows no devices and can't access Alerts, maybe because the Anran-CCTV server is almost down. Downtime of a few hours is real-life, but to be down for forty-eight or more hours at a stretch puts the viability of Anran devices for CCTV security into question. Hiseeu makes a similar camera featuring a hi-output solar panel with its own storage, but you have to use their EseeCloud app (2.4/5 star rating) to access the streams - it plagues you with ads, long delays before showing the stream, periods where the cameras are 'offline', AND your only option for stream storage is an SD card in THEIR server plus subscription cost Better hardware, but a way worse app. Sigh.If all of the issues mentioned were addressed, this would be a five-star camera.