SAMSUNG EVO Select Micro SD-Memory-Card + Adapter, 128GB microSDXC 130MB/s Full HD & 4K UHD, UHS-I, U3, A2, V30, Expanded Storage for Android Smartphones, Tablets, Nintendo-Switch (MB-ME128KA/AM) - - - Received 04-02-2022READ THIS FIRST - - - UPDATE: 01.27.2023 - I was sent a replacement Samsung micro SD card in July 2022, for my original failed card purchased in March that went bad in about 3 months. Now here we are again 5 months later and this card is locked into "read only mode" as well! At this rate I guess that if I purchase twenty more of these I'd get one that might last 3 years! I use the card mainly for music and pictures. And I've not even used 20gb of the storage yet. I noticed some of my songs were garbling in mini bursts, and it was happening with more and more songs. So I tried to delete some songs from the card by plugging my also SAMSUNG phone into my computer to start deleting the bad recordings, but I couldn't. (same thing as last card) So I then tried the card out on my laptop directly to see if the same songs would garble in the same places, and they did. And I was already getting a bit miffed to put it mildly. I kinda knew what was coming next. So I clicked on 'Properties' and there it was "card is in read only mode". I've read that cards go into read only mode to protect existing data when they're beginning to fail, and by the increasing amount of garbled songs (sounds like they're briefly fast forwarding>>>) I believe these cards could be knock offs, or a run of microSD cards that maybe didn't cut it on the quality control checks. So here we are at Samsung card #2. I will contact Amazon once again, after I go through the steps to try and get this card out of read only, but based on the last time I don't have much faith that either one will do much good. I have more issues with "Sold and Shipped by Amazon" than all other sellers combined. C'mon Amazon, if I want to be treated like this I'll go back to w-mart. Step up guys!DO NOT BUY-DO NOT PASS GO-DO NOT COLLECT GRIEF AND FRUSTRATION-GO TO ANOTHER SELLER GO DIRECTLY TO ANOTHER SELLER! DO IT NOW…And for the record, I don't like Samsung phones anymore either, and double down on that with Android OS and their evil godfather Google. Anyway read on if you like scary stories.I purchased this Micro SD card for use with a Samsung phone. The card worked great at first, very fast data transfer. I was using it to mainly keep music on it, and eventually I would use it to store other data as my phone’s memory is only 32g. (I have a Samsung A03S, got a heck of a deal on it) Then a few days ago, I got a notice on my phone that there was a problem with my SD card. It turned out that suddenly I could not add files to it? So I tried to transfer some pictures to the card and sure enough, it wouldn’t work. And I hadn't loaded any music on it since about last April, which was direct from a card reader (2 in 1 High-Speed Portable Memory Card Reader SD 3.0 Transport Protocol, SD Card Reader USB 3.0 to SDXC, SDHC, SD, MMC, RS-MMC, Micro SDXC, Micro SD, Micro SDHC Card and UHS-I ::: much much faster than direct through phone when adding about 700 more songs) since then and up until now, it has worked fine. So I followed the instructions on my phone and ‘reformatted the card’, and the files seemed to disappear, at least on the phone itself. However I removed that card and tried it on my computer and the files I thought were erased during formatting were still there? And on the computer the music files still played just fine, and when put back into the phone, the files did show up as existing on my Musicolet but the wouldn't won’t play at all.So I attempted to check out the card and/or format it by using -Diskpart-Regedit-CHKDSK (not at all a computer wiz, just followed online instructions) and I kept getting ‘bad clusters’ as a result. So after a little research, I found out that it is not totally uncommon for a card to suddenly write protect itself, and that is most likely because the card is failing and attempting to protect the existing data on it. So after 3 months it fails? I have read that the average life span on a Micro SD card should be about 10,000 write-and-erase cycles before starting to malfunction… wasn’t even close on this one. I mean there's NO moving parts right? Who knew an SD card could actually fail?I’ve never removed the card even one time without ‘unmounting’ it first, and that was maybe 5 times since I received it. Remember, most reviews on this card are shortly after using it, and if the lifespan of it is like 3 or 4 months, NOT WORTH IT. I thought I’d be using this card for my next 2 phones, but it doesn't seem very likely now though.I can’t recommend this and would most likely never buy it again. However with a little more research I’ve discovered that there are other ways a card can suddenly start to fail, and it might not be a defect after all. I have a new Samsung card on the way, so I will update in about 3 or 4 months from now.And as an afterthought, I looked at the ‘data recovery protection plan’ from Aftersolutions?, and it would do me no good in this instance. The data on this card (music files & other stuff) is also duplicated on 2 other Micro SD cards and a flash drive. I hope this helped, ya might want to look exclusively at the 1star negative reviews before you buy this, it looks like failing at 90 days or so is NOT an uncommon problem. I read the negative reviews on most Amazon products before I purchase, if I see a common complaint, it will usually dissuade me from buying that particular product. . . but guess who didn’t do it on this Samsung Micro SD card. [Always scan the negative reviews to uncover chronic issues with a product, really]For the record, before I posted this prewritten review, I called Amazon’s customer service. They still have humans I can actually converse with, unlike everyone else who gives you a robot voice that will basically tell you ‘tough luck, warranty? what warranty? we don’t need no stinking warranties’ (lol) And to let you know, always call Amazon if you have an issue beyond their usual return policy, especially if the product is shipped & sold by them, they are in the business of selling products and keeping customers happy, it might not always go your way, but more often than not it will if you have a valid complaint, do give 'em a shot first. And be nice to the callers on the other end, they work hard, and it can’t hurt you at all.So Amazon ended up handling this issue to my satisfaction, which I’ve found is more common with them than it is not. And they will go the extra mile, which is more than any other online seller out there seems to be willing to do at present time. And also don’t be reluctant to contact the seller either using the Amazon messaging system so there’s a record of your contacts, it will come in handy I guarantee you.Hope this helped1 star because of the 90 day thing.