 Final Final part 4I've tried and tried to get this to work. Do not buy this on prime day unless you want a $300 camera that will stop working after only a few months used.Over a month since Insta360 asked me to contact them and still no response.It's too bad because the GO2 is a good product. It's let down by the quality issues and customer service.Watch my video to see what is happening to many of the GO2s after a short time.Final update 3So i had been chatting with insta360 through Amazon and was directed by them to contact insta360 help directly using the included email link. At first i did not see any included email link in the text message but then i realized that Insta360 attached a image file that had the email address. I thought this was strange. Went not have the email address in the text body. So i read up a little on Amazon policies and discovered that companies are not supposed to do this when contacting buyers through the Amazon chat. Little corrupt on Insta360s part but whatever.Insta360 wanted me to contact them to fix, refund or replace my GO2. I emailed them using the email address supplied in the image file and two weeks later they have never bothered to respond to my email that they requested i send.Final thoughts on the GO2 is that it's a great camera let down by quality control and poor customer service.Update 2:So Insta360 got back to me and only had one suggestion to fix my GO2. They recommended that i do a format using a PC. I had already tried that but i decided to perform another format. The GO2 still does not work. It's strange how it slowly started breaking down over a few weeks with minimal use. The first sign something was wrong was during the file transfer process loosing the timestamp for the video files mixing the files out of shooting order. After that the hepatic feedback became intermittent but the GO still recorded. And finally only recording two clips before freezing and requiring a hard reset.I wish i could recommend the GO2. I love this little camera but since I've only had the camera for a short time it's a waste of money. $300 gone so buyer beware.Previous Update:Insta360 emailed me after my review offering to help with my issues. I responded accordingly describing the problems I'm having with the GO2. However, after a week+ i have not received a follow up email to help fix the GO2. Why email me about the Go2 problems and then not respond? As it stands right now i paid $300+ for a bricked piece of plastic. I've read on several forum sites that others are having the same issues with the GO2 as i am. Buyer beware.Original review:I loved this little camera. I bought it to record my job in first person perspective.I recorded my daily routine about thirty times and then i noticed that it started to not record any videos and the hepatic feedback was intermittent. Strangely at the same time the app library started mixing up the timecode of videos so my clips were no longer in a timed order. I reset, rebooted, reformatted, reinstalled firmware however nothing worked. I can get one maybe two records and then nothing. The camera itself appears to be on as it remains warm until i hold the button for a reset. Also during this time the camera fails to connect to the case. When it does connect I've tried changing the modes, resolutions, bit rate, frame rate and still it did not work. I have never dropped or submerged the camera.At $300 dollars i would expect it to last beyond 30 uses.Sadly i can not recommend buying the Insta360 Go 2. I feel that the GO2 troubles are because of the last two firmware update but i can't be sure