I had some trouble with the lighting of the developed pictures but still loved it nonetheless.After less than a month of infrequent use, my camera stopped working. At first, it wasn’t turning on. After attempting to turn it on and off for several minutes, I finally got it on and tried to take a picture. In the little window that shows the number of pictures left in the film pack, there was no number listed and just a “—“ instead. When I tried to take a photo, it would come out just black.I immediately contacted Amazon and the product support team. The Amazon rep wasn’t able to help me, so he connected me in a 3-way call with a technical support rep from Fujifilm.The Fujifilm rep had me perform a few troubleshooting tests - which ruined two packs of film. He assured me that I would be mailed complimentary replacement packs. He instructed me to download and print the Repair Form from the Fujifilm website and mail my camera without batteries to the listed address on the form.He did not tell me how long it would take. Fujifilm would not cover the costs of the shipment, so I had to pay $15 out of my pocket to send the camera to their location in Edison, NJ.have been quite frustrated in my communication efforts with the Fujifilm team.The camera was delivered within a few days.I gave it about a week and then called for an update to ensure the camera was received, since I received no communication otherwise. I was (rather rudely) told that it takes two weeks. I confirmed that I would call back the following Wednesday, two weeks after delivery, if I heard nothing by then.The following Wednesday, I gave a call and was then told it was two weeks, not counting weekends. I was told I would for sure receive an email by the end of the week or beginning of the next.When I didn’t hear back, I called again. At that point the camera had been delivered for 15 business days.The man on the repair team said they were backed up, but not that backed up and that they should absolutely have been working in my camera by then. He tried to look up my case by my name but said it wasn’t even in the system. He told me he would reach out to the other team/warehouse to confirm where my camera was and that he would call me back and took down my phone number.I didn’t hear back so I followed up again a few days later and called the repair team. I was told that it would take two weeks and re-explained my situation. He told me he didn’t know who I talked to but there wasn’t anything he could do if I wasn’t in the system and transferred me to his manager. The manager did not answer so I left a voicemail. I have contacted the manager twice now.All in all, I got about a month’s use out of a camera, then was told to send it to an external team and had to pay money to send it and wasted two packs of film, and now have wasted about another month of my time since I mailed the camera out in the first place.I am now out $15, the cost of the camera itself, and two packs of film with no resolution in sight. I wish Amazon had just agreed to take care of this and rectified the situation.