I'll start by saying I barely write reviews. Only when something is really good or really bad. This product was the latter. It started off ok...nice looking frame. Very quick set-up. We purchased as a holiday gift for my mother (65 y/o and somewhat tech savy) who lives a plane ride away so we could surprise her with pictures of our family now and then. We really liked the email option. Our kids set-up the custom email address and it was somewhat inappropriate, so I reached out to customer service to see how to delete it and set-up another. It took a day or so, but they got back to me and reset the frame. I thought this was inconvenient that we couldn't do it ourselves especially since all the uploaded photos on the old address were now removed, but wasn't that concerned at first.We started to upload photos to the new address and noticed that the mail icon and timer appeared in the upper right hand corner. It didn't go away for over two weeks that we had the product. Meaning that it was trying to download and couldn't. The photos also lagged in spots and I received messages that "ourskylight is not responding". Also the menu button on the back was not responding at all. Clearly something was wrong. I turned the frame on/off, reset my wifi router, placed the frame by the router, etc, etc. Everything the website said on their troubleshooting section. I even deleted every photo assuming we sent too many than the storage could handle. No luck. I have a home office so it's not like I had issues on my end with WiFi. There was no actual customer service number to contact, which is the norm these days and fine, but email customer service did't get back to me for almost a week. I wanted this all set-up for a gift and needed time to return, receive new and set-up in time for Christmas. Thank goodness Amazon stepped in immediately and sent me a shipping label and full refund (even though this was a 3rd party vendor).As I wasn't going to make the same mistake twice, I started to do some more research on similar products. There are much better and more economical frames out there. Getting down to the basics:1. There aren't a whole lot of "customized" options on here. The settings button is kind of a joke and only lets you select a wifi address or tell you "how it works" email address. No other real settings. You can select a different speed (in seconds) but I noticed it reset from my 5 seconds per frame to 10 seconds. Perhaps part of the original defect. Another review called this a "One Trick Pony" and boy were they right.2. To delete photos, you have to go to each and do it one at a time. Select...delete. Select...delete. Kind of archaic.3. Other frames have motion sensor on/off. Nice as this frame requires a hard wired outlet and you would need to manually turn off if this was, say, next to your nightstand and you didn't want the frame on when you slept.4. The touchscreen is worse than the first version of whatever touchscreen device rolled out. Slow, pressure sensitivity was terrible, etc. Again archaic.5. Does not play video. Many of them don't and the ones that do are more expensive. But just saying don't buy if you want to play video.In short, this was one of the more expensive frames out there. The lack of features, seemingly "old fashioned" tech and poor customer service makes this a hard pass for me. That is on top of the fact that mine came defective. I'll say they did finally get back to me on how to return for a refund, but too late for me.I'm hoping I have better results with NixPlay.