The unit was very obviously a returned item. When I opened the box the lens cap was not on the lens but instead in an open ziplock style bag with the remote and av cable. The power cord was in the bottom of the box by itself without any type of twist tie or packaging of its own. The remote already had batteries in it. I paid the price for a new item, not a refurbished or returned one. How am I to know how long it was run by whoever got it before me which will obviously affect the life of the bulb? I have kids coming tonight to watch movies and camp out for fall break so I almost feel forced to keep this and hope for the best.Update Number 1: Unit was defective. no matter what I tried the image stayed blurry which explains why it had been returned before. I had 8 bummed out kids last night when they found out we couldn’t watch movies. Initiated a return and chose to receive another one which will be here on Friday according to tracking information. When I dropped the defective one off at the UPS store in my small town, the girl at the store said she’s had 5 or 6 of the same exact unit being returned to Amazon and everyone told her the image is blurry no matter what they try. Seriously hoping the one coming in Friday isn’t defective as well. So far, not impressed with the company at all.Update 2: Replacement arrived today. This one was obviously new. This one had a box that held the cables/remote (the first one had no box for that stuff). It shipped with the lens cap on as it should. Plus there was an instruction manual that was missing from the first one that I received. Took it into a dark room and it seems to work fine. Updating from 1 star to 3 for now. If it’s still working in 6 months I might bump it up again.Update 3: Set it up outside with the screen I purchased and played the new Top Gun using my iPhone with an apple lightning to HDMI adapter. Everyone was impressed with the picture quality. I used an external speaker as the built in speaker isn’t of the best quality when you turn up the volume (which I expected). Much happier now that I have a working model, but still upset that I let a bunch of kids down at the campsite earlier this week.