Full disclosure - I did professional photography/videography for more than 15 years and still work in the industry so my standards might be a bit higher than the average home user. But I bought these to use for general "home" photography like shooting products for ebay, the occasional video call where you need a bunch of light, etc. I tried to temper my expectations to that role before writing this review, so here goes...The lights come packaged in a very nice zippper case with straps to hold the AC adapter. This is fine if you're storing things in the closet, but the lights also have the option to be battery-powered and there's really no place to safely put a battery in with the light. You can squeeze one in but they will flop around and not be secure. Again probably just fine for home use but a bit of a disappointment for anything more.The yoke holding the light is a big disappointment. Looks pretty with the anodized metal knobs but this doesn't indicate quality. Mine arrived with both screws completely loose and rattling around the package. You definitely want to check them and put some locktite on them to avoid future trouble. The balance of the mount is incredibly frustration - particularly if you have a battery mounted on the back. Because the mount holes are high on the light body the knobs basically self-tighten to the point where they are difficult to loosen. There also is zero range of adjustment on the tension - they are either locked in or completely loose and not much range in between. When you loosen them because the light is bottom heavy the entire light flops down abruptly. This gives you zero chance of being able to position the angle accurately.On a positive note the yoke has one pro feature that is nice - the ability to mount the light horizontally (see photo). Most people probably don't realize the hole in the base of the yoke is so you can mount them facing down. This is very useful if you're doing product photography where you're generally working on a tabletop. By mounting the lights in this configuration you can position a light on either side of your table pointed down and you have a really nice, shadowless product photography setup. But BE CAREFUL. Mounting the light in this configuration makes it tippy, so make sure you align the light to one of the legs so it doesn't fall over, and only extend the stand tall enough to work with your table.Let's talk about the stands. They're awful, no two ways around it. They don't operate smoothly at all. Both of mine are just difficult to adjust up and down even though they supposedly have a semi-professional spring-loaded feature, and no amount of fiddling with the lock tensioning screws will fix it. The chrome on the mounting peg will start to flake after your first use, and the tips of the legs will scratch wood floors. If you plan on using these lights for ANYTHING other than light-duty, in-home use you should throw these stands away. If you decide to keep them you should tape the tips so they don't scratch your floor.Now to the lights. The lights themselves are two interlaced arrays of cool (5600k) and warm (3200k) LEDs. There are two independent dimmer knobs on the rear...one adjust the cool array, one the warm. There is no color temperature indicator so you pretty much just eyeball it when you're trying to balance these lights with available light. Since you have two lights it makes it difficult to get them to match unless you're using full-on-warm or full-on-cool. "Close" is absolutely fine in most home situations and not really a limitation, but a deal breaker if you're trying to use these professionally.I was disappointed in the brightness of these lights. When you're trying to take photos or videos with light fixtures like these you have two choices: Turn off any other lights in the space and just use these lights, or use these lights to enhance what is already there. So for instance if you're in a kitchen which already has warm color temperature track lighting you can either turn that off and try to light the space with these lights, or you can use the track lights and also use these lights to fill. These lights don't work in either capacity very well. They're definitely not bright enough to use as a primary light source for anything larger than a head shot, and if you're using anything other than both knobs nearly full-on you have to be right on top of the subject to get any meaningful fill. They're also not bright enough to kick into the ceiling to provide a nice wash over the area. Combined with the lack of decent adjustment of color temperature and it makes them a bit frustrating to use for anything other than tabletop photography.Given all of what I just said, I still think these lights are a fair deal for what you pay. I got mine on sale for just over $100. I added the battery kit for another $50. So for $150 you get a mediocre two-light kit that's pretty much best suited for home product photography or maybe some light headshot work. If you use them more than once a week they will probably break and die within a year. But it's $150. A professional equivalent which fixes all of the shortcomings mentioned above (along with having a meaningful 5-year warranty) will cost five times as much. These will be fine as long as you're in a home situation where you're not going to lose money if you unbox these one day and the stand cracks, or the knob breaks, or the power brick dies, or it slips after you've set it up and it screws up your shot. But if you had any thought about using these in a business situation where they need to work you should try another option.