I have had 2 of the Plantronics Voyager Legend for years but one of them physically broke and the other does not hold charge for 6 hours any longer. When I realized that I needed a bluetooth microphone for my desktop computer to complete a couple of instructional videos, I figured I should purchase this Voyager 5200 UC because although it was expensive it would be an upgrade from the one I had and would cover the need for the desktop computer.First let me say that the sound clarity, just like the previous models, is superb. I use it with an iPhone 7 Plus and in some situations people can hear me better through this ear piece than the phone itself. The noise cancelling function is one of the best in the market and you can have a conversation with this on while you are driving with the window down. This is not an exaggeration. I have been stuck in slow moving traffic on the highway with the windows down while on a conference call. Nobody had any issues hearing me clearly and if you try that without noise canceling, you will find that the engines of the trucks around you are very loud.I gave it only 3 stars because Plantronics is trying to make this more advanced by using speech recognition but it is getting to the point that all this is getting in the way of good functionality. It deserves 5 stars for the sound quality but not at this price. The reason I took 2 stars off is because I paid the high price for the following functions that are not working good for me.1) When the phone rings, it keeps asking "answer or ignore" and when I say answer, 30% of the time it does not understand and keeps asking. Yet a few days ago I was working with my assistant on a project that was time critical and the phone started to ring. I looked at my phone, recognized the caller and I thought to my self, "I will call her back". Then my assistant said, "are you going to answer it" and the next thing I know the ear piece announced "Answering call". Apparently, it has trouble with the way I say "Answer" but it heard the word in my assistants sentence. So this feature that was fairly useless, is now also unpredictable because other people can force me to answer my phone just by asking if I am going to answer it.2) I connected it to a PC with Windows 8.1 Pro by using the included bluetooth USB adapter but I found the following problems. First, there is no easy way of switching between this device and the speakers. I have to right click on the speaker icon, select "Playback Devices" and make this the default device. That means, I cannot just turn it off to go back to my regular speakers and I have to do the same in order to set the regular speakers as default.3) When the USB adapter is plugged in to the computer, it will announce that the PC is connected. But after a few connect/disconnect, it gets stuck and as soon as it announces "PC connected" it makes the 3 tone signal (audio channel tone) that I hear when a device is about to send audio to the ear piece. When this happens, I can no longer use the ear piece with the phone so I have to unplug the USB adapter from the computer so I can use it again.4) In the morning, I some times put this ear piece in my ear but forget to turn it on. With the older version, when the phone was ringing and I would turn on the ear piece, it would take over and I could answer and talk through it. With this one, if the phone is ringing and I turn it on, nothing happens and I have to wait until the phone is not in use to power cycle the ear piece so it can connect to the phone.Some of these issues can be corrected by simply disabling the functions from the settings and some can be corrected by future firmware updates. Yet, I feel that I paid extra for these functions and at this time, they are not working at all or they are not working as they should. If you are looking for just a great ear piece to use with your phone, you should consider the legend version (