My intended use is for stable video captures of dog training.I am not sure whether this will work in the long run successfully.IF your intended use is a stationary desk setup / semi permanent placement - to allow you to use, your phone, see incoming messages, calls or watch movies, etc, while working. This device should be Great (5 stars).1️⃣. I have a iPhone 14 pro max with a hard case attached. The power button on the phone is larger and on the right edge of the phone, two vol buttons on the left edge.⚠️ First time I clamped to the Mount phone holder - my phone turned off (the power button is in the way for center holding. The second time my phone went to place an emergency SOS call, because the buttons being held down together for more than a few seconds... Need to turn off that phone feature.Need to place my phone in holder further towards the bottom of the phone.2️⃣. The gooseneck is visible in the camera view. Very Difficult for me to adjust to get it out of view. I was finally able to get it out of view. I will have to juggle this everytime I try to use.3️⃣. The rigid sturdiness (a plus) of the gooseneck. I doubt this portion will break or wear. You will not be moving it much, because it is not a pliable, easy to adjust feature. Sturdy - absolutely. It will not cause the mounted phone to slip out of position due to this part!4️⃣. Clamp to hold phone itself. Appears to be lightweight, low cost, cheap plastic - that could easily break if you are not careful. It did easily hold my iphone 14 pro max. It can NOT be rotated. This clamp really needs a ball-head.5️⃣. Clamp for the Base. Easy to turn handle to open and close the clamp. The sleeve that you turn, may break off - if you intend to move the mount to different tables/desks often. If using only at your desk - and will be stationary - this will work Great.➡️ Recommend Re-Design:(1) Could definitely use a ball-head feature for the phone holder. That will provide increased and easier flexibility for users, and it will allow the gooseneck to easily be rotated out of view.(2) Swivel at the gooseneck base. Can have a locking lever to lock in place. Unlock - to just swivel the sturdy gooseneck out of the way, when you get up & down.Overall - I will be searching if there is a better option for my 'heavy & large' iPhone for quick, impromptu, sturdy video captures, that can be used almost anywhere.Side NOTE: I do not see this device holding a Pad. I think my phone is the largest device it would comfortably hold.