I give this ultimately 3 1/2 stars, but am rounding down to 3 for the following reasons. I really wanted the images to print out how they look from my phone, but it does not. I believe this is false advertising by Fugi (not to mention that the photos do not print out already developed like their videos show...I did not expect it to since it's instant film). The novelty is great and I suppose if I had a print directly from the Instax mini cameras, I would expect the pictures to develop washed out, but not from a phone to the printer. Other than the novelty of instant photos, the only other nice features are that it prints very fast and is easy to load. However, the fact that editing must be done in order to have a decent instant photo, I feel that the mini printer is a wasted amount of money to use as is. As a photographer, I do understand the endless options of editing in the app that I used (Snapseed), but to someone who just wanted an effortless way to print their smartphone pictures on instant film, this does not fit the bill. you don't need to be a photographer to figure out the editing options on the app, but you will waste your prints trying to "get it right" until you figure out what looks best before you print. The photo I provided is of the printer, the original photo printed as is from my phone on the bottom and edited photo is on top (which I had to "pop" the image using that feature on the app, along with using other in app tools, such as adding warmth, toning down the blue tint, adjusting shadows/highlights, increasing exposure brightness to counter some of the darkening created with the pop and shadows, I also used the curve feature to finely adjust the darkening. All of this done in the photo editing app and just to compensate for how cool and washed out the original print was. Even the edited photo does not look like the original image on my phone. I wish I could say this is a 5 star product, but cannot due to the lack of printing true to the image on your phone and the time it took just to be able to print a decent looking photo.