The organization, that I work for, purchased this drone to shoot some educational air footage. We got the “Fly More” version that comes with three batteries.Pros:• Stunning, sharp ultra-high-resolution video and photos. Nothing I’ve seen before compared to this quality.• Great, state of the art, image stabilization.• Great battery life, easily 40 minutes on a single battery, give or take. More than enough for most jobs.Cons:• Autofocus seldom worked at highest zooms, neither the manual focus switch work correctly. We tried it back and forth, and it’s a hit and miss. It was a deal breaker for us, as most of work requires a far end of the zoom for very high detail.• There were odd software bugs, like repetitive voice prompts. Just annoying, not a big deal.• DJI imposed its private, poorly documented restrictions, that caused a major loss of time and battery life to overcome. E.g. they required us to certify on paper that we use it for “commercial” purposes, which for a nonprofit could be misinterpreted as against our mission. A pilot learns about such a restriction only after already arrived at work location and launched the drone, and has to drive or fly back to the office, research the issue and get the paperwork done, including signing and sealing, scanning, sending, and waiting for their "approval." The controller needs to be connected to cellular network, and a pilot must be logged in DJI account, which is a hassle, particularly if using a tablet without a simcard. A major challenge for people who use it for work, completely unnecessary, as it is parallel to the administrative burden imposed by authorities: NOTAMs, municipal ordinances, etc.• The obstacle avoidance sometimes doesn’t work. It lost signal connection three times, twice it returned home, and once it crashed into a private property during one of flights instead of returning home. Not only it caused damage, but also, it’s a potential major liability issue. Fortunately, we weren’t sued, but management was pissed off very badly, and we had an unpleasant discussion with a policeman.• RTH (return to home) works roughly half of the time, the other half of the time it gets stuck unable to find the way back home over some obstacle, or not remembering where exactly it was launched from, with hit or miss in range of approximately 20ft. I discovered hard way that if battery is dying, it’s best to take over the automatic RTH, and fly it back home manually.• The insurance requires a seemingly easy process called “binding” that doesn’t work. We purchased the maintenance program which works like manufacturer's "insurance" for ~$260 and "bind" the coverage when the drone was activated and launched for the very first time, but apparently the “binding” process has never been completed on DJI’s part. After we lost the drone, due to the flyaway described above over one month earlier, we attempted to claim the “DJI Care Refresh” coverage. This is when we discovered the DJI website still asked us to "bind" the drone in the coverage, something that we thought we had completed on our first flight long time ago. So, not only we spent money on “insurance” that proved worthless, we had no control over its coverage, but also the deductible would cost us over $700 if we claimed it. Fortunately, the drone was found and returned to us.• The documentation of functions leaves much to be desired. E.g. we have not figured out yet how to reliably move the gimbal sideways.• In the meantime, there was a software update that was supposed to fix issues, so we had high expectations. Sadly, no improvement in those areas of operation that were highlighted above were observed. Based on internet forums, it seemed DJI added only some gimmicks, more useful for play than work.I am an airplane pilot, as well as UAV pilot, and it was a fifth drone I was flying, just to put my experience in context. We ended returning it. Our loss was ~$30 for FAA certificate ~$260 paid for the DJI Care Refresh, $300 finder’s reward, and over eight hours of time spent looking for the lost drone, at the total of approximately $600 plus labor.Update: It turned out that even though the software kept prompting to "bind" the drone, the "care refresh" was validated. We submitted the flight data, and DJI conducted flight analysis, and concluded: "Since the aircraft was piloted near a tall building, the GPS signal was blocked, which affected its positioning accuracy. According to the analysis, the incident was caused by the improper flight environment."So here is yet another undocumented limitation: do not fly near tall buildings!Update #2: Amazon accepted the return and refunded the money, and DJI refunded the "Care Refresh." That does not conclude the story, as we have a job to do, and no drone to complete it. We will wait for DJI to release a more reliable drone with a fixed autofocus and obstacle avoidance.