 Amazing picture/video - and range. Downside? Horrible customer service with DJI. In spite of all firmware and updates and always pre-flight checks - this drone has an absolute brain of it's own. I have DJI Care - which would allow me to send this back and have it inspected, especially after this early afternoon's sunset venture. 23 Satellites, full bars, hardly 120 feet straight into the air, and the moment I start moving forward (slowly) the Mavic went into "attitude mode" where all GPS was lost and the aircraft literally went crazy for more than 3 entire minutes. almost 4 entire minutes of dreadful, heart racing hell. I honestly almost killed someone trying to get it down (not pictured but some random dude trying to inquire on the rates our apartments go for, while I'm screaming profanities at my drone in the air). After it crash landed, it actually continued to try and fly causing unknown damage to the gimbal and hassleblad. I have also had huge implications with DJI and their policies. I ordered the RC Pro Remote directly through them, since most of the ones here on Amazon are over priced, or the outdated original version. This is a 1300 dollar controller - it arrived with amazingly broken joy sticks leaving it useless. 8 reps and lies, manipulation and runarounds later - I am out that money as well - Instead of making their error correct - they will wait for the defective item first. Which I had to take time to go and return this morning all while refusing to make their wrong correct and shipping me out a replacement, while they wait for their broken item. I'm honestly sending back everything that is DJI - my Air 2S, this Mavic 3 Fly more - and the RC Pro will be requested as a refund. It's a shame that DJI is dominant in this industry - and can't begin to even consider wanting a real customer service army. You can only go so far with mistreating the hands that feed you (aka your customers). < sorry for ranting about another product - back to the Mavic 3 - I will post an update if I indeed give up on this train wreck, for now - here are some photos that mental case of a drone puts out. Also - the video is a flight data from that attitude mode incident along with while it was recording. You can at least (for positive relations) see how well the gimbal works as this thing was flying at an unreal 90 degrees to one side or the other [where you see the horizon is totally off) and all, while the remote is yelling at me to "fly with caution"... This thing was MAD.Update: September 24th - The Mavic has been in the DJI repair all month. Their people are nice, no doubt. The Mavic is supposed to deliver back to me in 2 more days… I wanted to share something positive - I did keep the Pro Remote and Mavic 3, because there isn’t anything out there that comes close. There truly isn’t. I’ve had a rough go with the customer service, yes. They are always nice and all, just constant errors that are preventable. I shouldn’t base my review to you, based on that - so I up the stars a notch. Depending on what shape my “replacement” Mavic 3 is in here shortly will lead to another update soon.