Update 11.18.22: I am taking a couple stars from my review for these lights. I bought 2 sets one month apart, and the manufacturer replaced a set for 1 failed light noted below. Today, I threw away the 3rd light of 6 total I've had. I use them less than 12 hours a week on average, so a little disappointed on the lifespan of these units, and the way they fail. (NOT ok to waking up in the middle of the night with one of these locked on full brightness...) Bottom line: They are good for what you pay, but if you have to buy some every 6 months-1 year, then the costs start adding up to a nicer set. They got me through though, so I am thankful.Update 1.16.22: So, I decided to reach out to the seller about my intermittently failing light and I learned a LOT! Do NOT use the "Get Support" button that Amazon provides; it is NOT THIS company, rather use the "Get help" option to be connected to EMART US. I sent a messages and I kid you not, within 2 hours, they had already arranged a replacement light and provided an arrival date. BY FAR the fastest customer service I have experienced outside of Amazon themselves. My original review was 4 stars. I took 1 for the failed light. The restored the light, so I will restore that star and add 1 for EXCELLENT customer service! Thank you EMART! I'll sell more of these, I promise.1 star removed Update 10.27.21: So about 3 months in and 1 of my 4 units started randomly flickering. I attempted different power sources and it still just happens randomly which makes the light hard to use. I have removed one star for this. Of course, always outside of return window....Got these today and had them set up in no time flat. I will update as my experience unfolds, but here are my initial impressions and photos:UPDATE 7.22.21: I liked these so much that when I saw them on sale, I bought another set. I use 2 to light the green screen, then use 2 to light myself. After I added the second light sweet and adjusted the brightness, etc, I was able to remove ALL fuzzy edges around me while streaming! Great price for a full lighting solution. Thank you Emart!UPDATED 3 weeks in: (7.7.21): I think these are great lights for what I paid for them on sale. The "common" price for them is pretty close to reasonable for what you get as well. If this is your budget, then these are worth the money for streaming/zoom calls/facetime. Easy to set up and use; just no frills basic key lights.1. Powering these correctly seems trickier than it is. You do need decent wattage, but i do not think you need 3amp USB. These are running fine on some <2 amp LG cell phone adapters and I have no flickering at full brightness. (Updated 7.7.21)2. THEY ARE BRIGHT at the highest setting and from what I can tell might even could light a smaller green screen OR a person or two. You might two sets for both Green Screen and subject. (UPDATE 7.7.21): I bought a green screen, and using my two existing 60 watt lamps to light me and filters in OBS, these light a 6x9ft screen sufficiently for DECENT green screen. I still think 2 sets or these and 1 ring light would be the best solution.3. The included diffusers are rubbish. As another reviewer pointed out, you still see every dot in the unit at any brightness and any filter. The color filters are helpful; I find the blue best for my needs. Update: The diffusers are still rubbish, but they work for the green screen.4. While the included stands are useful, be gentle. They do not come off an super sturdy or long lasting. I'm not sure I would use this for a portable setup as I feel the tripods will give up after too much portable use. The stands have so far held up EXCEPT the included "gimbals" are very fragile and come apart easily. I got them put back together, but 1 is already failing.Photo Legend: No light, lights set kind of how I want them, and then maximum brightness. I also included a photo to show the lack of diffusion for the filters. I used the blue filter here, but all the filters produce the same visual effect.Once again, my initial impression is that these are great for what you pay for them. Basic, no frills beginner gear for sure. I livestream on Twitch, and am going to be using these until I can afford the ones that integrate into stream deck, Lumia stream, etc. Until then, I expect these to do the job. I will update if any issues arise for sure!