I've been using DLP projectors for home theater for 15 years, and this Optoma HZ39HDR is the first one that really felt like it has early-adopter issues. This is also the first projector I've had where I could easily detect rainbow artifacts. It is most noticeable with scrolling content such as the media carousels in a Netflix app.The rainbows aren't what bothers me most, though. High-contrast details get smeared just a little bit. This is quite apparent in white subtitles and some app UI elements which look substantially less crisp than on other 1080p displays and even other 1080p projectors. I suspect they used a poor quality lens, because I've never seen an issue like this on any other projector. There's also chromatic abberation which is hard to eliminate because the lens doesn't focus evenly across the entire screen. Check out the photos I uploaded. It is supposed to be row and column of sharp white pixels, with an orange curve coming to meet the horizontal white line. Instead, you see all kinds of smear and colors that shouldn't be there. This is mainly noticeable as a problem only when close to the screen.If I had purchased this as a replacement for my main home theater, I would have returned it without hesitation. My much older, much smaller, and actually cheaper BenQ W1070 with a bulb provides a substantially better picture. But this is a secondary projector for me that I put in my bedroom, so I let these flaws slide because I really wanted a laser projector so I'd never need to replace its bulb. A bulb gets dimmer over time and eventually becomes unusable, either gradually or very suddenly when it pops and goes out. That should never happen during the useful life of this model.I was hoping the laser light source would allow the projector to turn on and off much quicker than bulb-based projectors, but sadly the startup time is 30-40 seconds which is basically the same as any projector I've used. Turn-off time is quick, only about two seconds before the fan shuts off.Another motivation for my choosing this model was its 120hz 1080p input support and low latency. Fortunately, this did not disappoint. It worked just fine out of box without a firmware upgrade (which I couldn't find anyway), and makes PC input feel substantially more responsive than a 60hz display.