Likes:- Google Photos sync to specific albums- Once set up, grandparents don't have to touch anything to see new photos of their grandchildDislikes:- The gooseneck-style stand is not sturdy- Google Photos integration applies only to photos, NOT videos- Videos must be added via Nixplay app- HDR video (which is basically ALL iPhone video) added directly via app is not well-supported (colors end up washed out due what I assume is a lack of HDR->SDR mapping)- The Nixplay app is fairly basic and clunky to manage 3 framesI bought 3 of these frames: one for my home, and one for each side of the grandparents. The goal was to integrate Google Photos albums of our baby for each family to enjoy. We set up a few Google Photos albums to achieve this and the Nixplay app handles this well, enabling me to control and map albums to the three frames under one account so that the grandparents don't have to do anything to see new photos.We have a Google Photos album of our baby for:- everyone (this is added to all 3 frames)- just us (just our frame)- my parents (our frame + my parents' frame)- her parents (our frame + her parents' frame)This enables us to share family specific photos without filing another side's photo frame with less-relevant family pics so they can get maximum enjoyment from relevant baby + family photos.What really bothers me is that videos from Google Photos are NOT synced. Videos must be added via the Nixplay app and the experience is a bit clunky though workable. Videos are limited to < 15 seconds if you don't want to pay for their subscription service which was initially enraging and upsetting, and now just annoying. I've discovered videos longer than 15s are not a good match for a photo frame anyway, since you want to see lots of moments in a brief period of time - you're not watching a documentary here. So I changed how I choose videos to share and it's worked fine.This means I also have 4 separate video albums via the Nixplay app:- everyone videos- just us videos- my parents videos- her parents videosUnfortunately the app does not seem to manage HDR video well (which is ALL iPhone video). Uploading iPhone 13 Pro videos directly via the app causes the photo frame to display washed out colors. I assume there's some HDR -> SDR tone mapping issues but can't find a clear answer. My wife sometimes downloads videos I upload to our shared Google Photos album to upload via the app and this works fine - presumably because Google Photos tone maps properly and the downloaded video is post-processed for SDR. If I'm being forced to upload videos via the Nixplay app, I expect the app to not require a workaround - hence minus 2 stars for a significant part of the upload/viewing experience. If this is fixed, I'm inclined to give this 4 stars for ease of use and the ability to share our photos to family easily.For those of you who got this far, I'm being incredibly critical in this review because I know the experience can be better and would probably tell all my friends with kids to get one if it were. This review is closer to a 3.5 star since we have our photo frame on our dining table and enjoy revisiting our 7 m.o. baby's milestones every evening at dinner and that is priceless.Overall this is still one of the better digital photo frames I could find for the experience it provides but I wish companies would start spending more time delivering core value to the user vs. pushing subscriptions to what I consider table-stakes features like video support.