To begin these headphones are very good for their intended purpose. But there are some things that are done poorly and that are inexcusable at this price point. I will list the good and the so-so below.1. Noise cancellation/mic clarity: Very Good but not as good as earlier cheaper models (ie B250 XTS has superior noise cancelling.) But the noise cancelling here is still very good.2. Sound Quality: OK to Good. The sound quality as stereo headphones is ok to good. The lows and highs are there but barely and they are a bit muddy, even when you are in low ambient sound environments. This is understandable as this is not the primary function of this unit.3. Microphone (not clarity): Disappointing. The mic has two negative features.a) It is encased in a hard plastic boom that only pivots from its connection to the earpiece section. This is substantially inferior to the gooseneck mic of other BlueParrot models because it is more prone to breakage and it is not adjustable for different size heads/faces.b) It swings from its pivot point so you can adjust its height relative to your mouth which is good, but it can only be used when the headphones have the mic on the right side of the face. There are folks who, for various reasons, may need to use it from the other side or change sides from time to time. With this model it is impossible to put the mic on the left side.4. Earpiece Cushions: Fair. I love the idea of having two earpieces, i.e. a full headset. But the earpiece cushions are very cheap and do not offer a premium fit/feel as headphones in this price point should. The head band is fairly tight, though adjustable, which is good because this keeps these headphones securely on your head. However, the earpiece cushions are not sufficient to mitigate the strong pressure applied by this tight headband. This makes for discomfort on the ears after just a few minutes of use (I suppose those with very narrow heads will not experience this discomfort or will have less of this discomfort). I am still working on a way to mitigate this discomfort for me.5. BlueParrot App: Fair. Because it is an app there are many things that could be done to improve - as is the way with all apps, so I will only touch upon one glaringly missing feature and one internal coding flaw.a) I was under the impression that the firmware on the headset was updatable via the app. This is incorrect. You must update the firmware via a Windows or Apple computer. I use a Chromebook. I would not have made this purchase if I knew the firmware can only be updated via Windows or Apple computers and not Chromebook or the app. There are two opportunities missed here, either would have been sufficient for me, though updates via the app would be the best choice for most users. This would have been a dealbreaker for me had I understood correctly.b) The BlueParrot app is always running in the background on your phone using both battery and processing power. As a Developer and Systems Engineer, I understand why it was coded this way. However, with some thought this app/hardware system could have been architected in a far superior manner. Settings made via the app could have been stored on the headset thus saving phone resources. (The walkie Talkie feature would take other, creative architecting but the rest could have the app not running in the background.6. The aux cable that came with mie is faulty. The sound is garbled when I use it.Summary: This product is a very good product that accomplishes its primary purpose very well (though not excellently due to the reduction is noise cancelling as compared to previous models). The fit and finish, comfort, and features expected at this price point are a bit wanting. I will keep and continue to use these, once I find a way to mitigate the discomfort of the earpieces, but I will not purchase these again until some of the above mentioned issues are overcome.