Since I liked the first gen, I thought the Vista 2 would be just as good if not better.I was unfortunately disappointed with the features these come with that sometimes ruin my gym experience.First: The loudness on these are less than the first gen. I like loud music and the first gen had a pretty good volume range, these are more quiet and it doesn't really bring the same punch the first gen had. This is probably done to maintain sound quality but when I'm lifting weights or running, I'm more concerned about maxing out the volume and bringing out this loud intensity in my ears if that makes sense.Second: There's a feature included that when you take out one earphone from your ear, the music stops, which I'm assuming is for when you need to talk to someone and you take off one earphone. There's a sensor on the inside of the earphone that detects when its touching something in order to keep playing music (hence it senses your ear skin when you put it back in). This feature seems practical but it's something that should be optional.I sweat a lot and have long hair, which means my ears also get covered in sweat and when sweat starts covering the earphones, the sensors get interrupted and think they're not connected to my ears which stops the music. This happens mostly mid workout when I'm moving the most, and if I accidentally touch my ears which causes the earphones to shift a little bit, the sweat around the earphones causes it to stop and I have to either continue working out in silence or take out the earphone, wipe it, and connect back to my ear.It's just so tedious and annoying when I'm concentrated on a lift and my earphones stop playing music because of this feature.Third: The Jaybird app doesn't always work. Majority of the time when I want to connect my earphones to turn on ANC (because sometimes it will connect with surround hearing on instead of ANC) it says it's trying to connect to the earphones but if it doesn't connect almost immediately, it will never connect. You have to put the earphones back in the case and hope it will connect if you take them out again. The app also works better for me if I connect my earphones before entering the gym, I guess the app has trouble when multiple people are using different Bluetooth earphones around it.Tracking also sucks. I lost my first gen Jaybirds because in order to track the earphones, you have to be connected via Bluetooth AND have the Jaybird app open in order to show a location. I don't open the app every time I connect the earbuds so last location detected was over 3 months ago. Same applies to these jaybirds, will only show last location connected so if you're not constantly opening and connecting to the app when you use the earphones, last location shown can be from months ago.Overall:Volume range is less than first gen (I personally like very loud music), sensor feature stops music if sweat seeps into the ear (might not be a problem if you don't sweat a lot near your ears), connection to Jaybird app is inconsistent and tracking lost earphones is only for last connection detected.I mainly use these for the gym which is why I don't give them a higher rating ( low volume range (in my opinion it's not loud enough), music interruptions from sensor feature, and app connectivity issues can get annoying when I'm just trying to get through a gym session.Pros: Sleek design and case, the winged ear tips help keep them in ear, and sound is good if I'm not looking for maxed out volume at gym.Good earphones if I just want to use them for airplane trips or anything other activity not involving a lot of sweat lol.I mainly like these cause the winged tips do help keep the earphones stay in my ear (even though the sensor thinks it's disconnected from my ear when I sweat).Opinion: I would personally buy the first gen again for the gym if I had known about these issues but that's just me. Wasn't too confident in buying any other sports earphones when I see their reviews so I went with the Vista 2 since I liked the first gen. I've gotten use to dealing with these issues but once I inevitably lose these earphones (again) and of course end up not being able to live track them because I haven't used the Jaybird app in a while, I will venture off into exploring different brands.