Sony came so close to making a great camera for vloggers and people on the move. It combines a 1" sensor, Zeiss lens, and a truly fantastic focus system. Unfortunately, without some sort of active gimbal, it is nearly impossible to hold steady enough to get acceptable footage. I originally tried the handheld stick which came with the accessory pack... it was useless... even with the SteadyShot on I was unable to hold the camera still enough to eliminate shake.Notes- (please note... I am only reviewing this for its video capability)- I am going to start off with the positive. The focus system is remarkable. I absolutely love that the camera will put itself in macro mode and focus on objects in the foreground. It is also remarkably fast in focusing in making the adjustment. This is a very useful tool for doing vlog style product features... you can record your face and then have the camera immediately (and almost magically) focus on a product that you throw in front of it. The challenge is next point)- If you are doing this while holding the camera on some sort of non-active gimbal - your footage will likey have some serious shake. Personally, I find this to be a cardinal sin. YT and other services usually de-rank videos with shaky footage.- Of course, you can overcome the shake by 1) using a tripod 2) getting an active gimbal. Option 1 is ok... but it kinda defeats the purpose of the super-fast focus. So I went with #2... and I was able to find a pretty decent active gimbal that worked well. Honestly, it dropped the shake to a point that I would have expected from the camera alone.- The microphone is good... but not great. It is a solid choice for vlogging since it is omnidirectional.- The picture quality is pretty good, but it's not going to blow you away. Like most cameras, it does well in well-lit conditions (i.e sunlight) but it starts to fall short in indoor environments. I was recently comparing footage (outdoors) between the ZV-1 and my iPhone 11 pro... the picture quality was comparable (although the iPhone has less shake). I am not saying an iPhone is better for videoing (its not.. the ZV-1 has much, much better focusing, microphone, options, and etc).- In a somewhat unfair comparison.. I recently filmed a trip to the zoo with both the ZV-1 and my Canon HFG60 (which also has a 1" sensor). The Canon camcorder had a much better picture and I was able to film without the need of an active gimbal. Granted the Canon isn't designed to be used for one-handed vlogging..... but it did highlight some of the limits with the ZV-1- Form - Another thing that Sony got right. The ZV-1 is super light, can easily be held one-handed, and has a nice articulating screen. I found the buttons to be a bit awkward and a bit too recessed which caused me to accidentally *not push* record when I was trying to record something.- The Sony menu system is ok... I am not used to it... so it is bit cumbersome for me- Pro features... This camera isn't designed for pros. I see no option for manual focus (Not that big of a deal) but you really can't even operate it in manual mode. It has a manual mode, but you're not going to be able to change the settings on the fly.- The lens is a F1.8/2.8 so it is reasonably fast. It also allows for some decent bokeh despite a smallish sensor.Final Verdict... It kinda feels like I a being hard on the ZV-1 by giving it 3 stars. However.... on one of my trips, I forgot to bring the connecting plate for my gimbal, and the ZV-1 became nearly worthless. While it has some very strong features... it could have been so much more!