UPDATE: One camera now refuses to connect to WiFi. Placement is closer to router than the other, but no connection for days.I bought 2 of these cameras for outside my home, mostly because they were far less expensive and they had on-board SD card recording. I didn't want to pay for somebody's cloud and I don't really trust the security or privacy of these clouds anyway.Pros: The cameras are pretty sturdy & solid. They don't feel cheap, they have some weight, and while they're not exactly discreet, they look great. The daytime picture is very clear. At night in the dark there's not much to see, but when the motion detector activates the infrared lights, the picture is good enough to see what's going on. I doubt that I would be able to recognize facial features at night, but form, figure and movement are visible with the infrared. The two-way audio is an excellent feature, and the audio is clear on both ends. There is a very brief lag in audio transmission. The SD, reset & power button compartment is adequately sealed against the elements but it's not tamper proof.Cons: Very important to note is that these cameras are not physically secure. By this I mean that they can easily be stolen off the mount. It doesn't matter if you screw, weld, nail or glue the mounts onto a surface. The cameras can easily be unscrewed from the mounts with very little effort. Your mount would still be in place but your cameras would be gone. Likewise, the SD card is easy to steal if someone should so desire. It appears that if you use the solar battery charger, you would have to leave the charging compartment uncovered to accommodate the solar charger plug. Now that compartment would be exposed to the elements. I can't imagine that this would be very good for the internals of these cameras, and I question their longevity as a result of this. I've only had them for a few days so I can't speak to longevity.Another serious flaw that I have observed is battery life. I'm pretty sure they're probably lithium batteries, but after running just overnight with one alert, my battery went down to two bars even tho it was fully charged when mounted. I would concur that those two bars lasted another 2.5 days, however in order to recharge the battery I had to remove the camera from its mount, take it inside and plug it up for several hours during which there was no camera coverage for that location. It doesn't seem to be possible to open the device and just swap fresh batteries, so this is an inconvenience that I do not want to deal with. I don't want to leave my space without camera coverage just because I need to charge them. I have not purchased the solar charger & I believe they would help in this respect even though they would have their own unique challenges, such as consecutive overcast days. It would be much better if I could buy extra batteries/charger and quickly swap them out when the battery gets low on the camera. That would be a much better solution, but that's not possible with these units. Taking into consideration this fact, the lack of security for the units themselves plus the inability to protect certain important openings when using with the solar charger, I will be returning these units.Software & Operation: I'm not a geek, so this isn't a technical review. That said, even for me connecting the cameras & getting them up & running is pretty easy. There is an accent-free, undistorted English-speaking voice prompt for setup and instructions are clear. One issue is that it seems impossible to have simultaneous live view from both cameras. I'm using a large tablet as my control unit at home & the screen can accommodate multiple views, but the software doesn't allow. If I have one live view up & the other camera alerts, I have to go back & pull up the alerting camera to see that view. Needless to say that wastes time to perhaps observe an intruder. I would love the ability to have multiple live views, especially since I was considering getting another camera. It would also be nice if both my spouse & I could have the app running on our phones when away from home in different places, but the instructions warn that you can't have the app open on more than one phones. Haven't tried it, but it's another deal-breaker for me.Conclusion: If you're looking for a solid, inexpensive, simple and quick solution to protection, then these might be for you. I'd prefer to spend more for better battery life, swappable batteries, better developed software & the ability to secure & protect the units themselves.