Update 2+ condensed) After using these for a bit, and even counting the best EQ option (Jlab Signature) and a v-shaped EQ on top via Wavelet (app) these still do not sound as good as some other pairs i have, however using them for side sleep (whatever side faces the pillow DOESN'T have an earbud in), these do a surprising good job at passive noise cancelling for me. While they also dont sound the best... they dont sound "bad" either ... you can some real no-name duds below $20, .. these are decent for that sub $20 price range to be clear.I gave these 3 out of 5 stars but really its maybe between a 3.5 TO MAYBE a 3.75 to be clear ... maybe more toward 3.5 in my book though. I'd say look at TOZO first for deals ... but I still recommend these.They are comfortable to me too ... like they dont feel too big ... just right.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Update: 1) I did notice one day when it was REALLY humid the controls seem to get wonky ... like sometimes my presses weren't "registering" and then others would which would mean i'd do a function (change track for instance) when i wanted to change the EQ mode instead... it doesn't alway happen but it has once or twice in constant use since i bought these.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------i have to say the default tips + the size of the buds combo are nice ... I have ( .. even just to test THESE) been using these sleeping at times rather than my TOZO T6's and while i love the T6's i haven't found the "perfect" eartips for them that fit me (so to speak) ... at times with these Go Air Pops ... I hardly notice they are in my ears ... I didn't even open the little bag with the other tips to make sure (note: bought "used - like new") I got the other tips, yetmy one con that I REMEMBER typing this update is the sound quality ... .ok for the price on "JLab Signature" EQ but bang for your buck ... counting deals on Amazon ... you may be able to do better.So far Battery Life seems decent enough ... a little shorter than I expected but like i said i am using these for sleep and i count that time that I am sleeping so .... yeah battery life is good for the price, I'd say--------------------------First I want to mention this is all based on my first impressions after a few hours of use, only … things may change later. Bluetooth Earbuds I have are TOZO’s T6’s and NC2’s (two pair now), Fiil’s T1XS with app support, and Edifier’s TWS1 Pros and Earfun wise the Air Free Pro 2’s, (Returned due to a number of issues) Earfun Free Mini’s and to be clear… Earfun Free’s that were sent to me unexpectedly after they saw my review of the Free Mini’s (thank you Earfun) … point being is that I have experience with a number of earbuds even if I do use some more than the others (no real particular reason).Right away I noticed these opinionsPros- Fit – to be clear none of the buds I have are really “uncomfortable” in any way but these just fit good, with the default tips … or what I am guessing is the default tips (comparing them to the default TOZO T6 tips, they seem the same size) …. Unless my ear starts to itch or something, I HARDLY notice the Go Air Pops are in my ears. I love my TOZO T6’s (form factor wise the nearest on the list I mentioned, to the same form factor as these)… but these just seem to fit a little better.Update a few days later (after writing the prior paragraph) – these while they have fallen out from time to time… these are very comfortable. When using them for sleep (whatever side of my head faces the pillow if “side sleeping” doesn’t have an earbud in) … they are more comfortable then the TOZO T6’s I have used for the same thing before and with these there are times I barely know they are there, and I really like that.- Build quality – I will not say these have “great” build quality .. that just seems to be overstating it but these do not feel as cheap as the Earfun Air Free Mini’s. Some ultra budget earbuds have a quality where it just feels like the cheapest plastics and materials were used … not the case with these buds, even if they don’t scream ‘high end quality” either.- Battery Life – I am not going to act like I have counted or even really paid attention but these seem to last awhile and even after falling asleep for a bit with these… I cant say I have ever woken up to them NOT playing … since I bought them I had to charge them once and (just in case, I probably didn’t have to) then a second time, just to make sure the case was fully charged at that point, but I just had no idea the case’s charge then and it could have been say 70% or something and the second charge was un-needed.I’d say I am “impressed” by the battery life being good.------------------------------Pros/Con (??) – This may be my least favorite sounding earbud I have but … from what I remember of the Earfun Free Mini’s … they do sound better than they did … and I love TOZO but I can not compare these with the TOZO A1’s which I don’t have …. say comparing these to the TOZO T6’s seems sort of unfair as the A1’s (TOZO brand wise) are more of the equivalent to the Go Air Pops. They could sound the same for all I know.I do notice a difference using the built in EQ’s (note too that no matter the headphone or earbud I tend to have an EQ setting or app with a “U” to a “V” setting applied) … but not much … I do agree that the Bass Boost mode CAN muddy things up at times … the Flat EQ setting …. makes it a lot flatter sounding (no matter what I listened to) than I was expecting … I mean FLAT sounding … NOT “neutral” like I’d describe the TOZO T6’s for example.The best setting between the three is Jlab’s Signature sound which boosts the Bass and the Treble in a V like sound signature. Like the Fiil T1XS’s many EQ options and customization, for instance are nice to have, in my view … the default sort of “V” signature THEY offer is also the best THEY sound. If I am not mistaken .. the “Jlab signature” sound EQ setting IS the default and it does sound the best, like I said.After a few days and a “side-by-side” comparison to the TOZO T6’s I have (some of the others are in a higher price bracket … I am trying to be fair here) the T6’s do sound “sharper” and “crisper” …. sort of hard to describe if you don’t get what I am saying … however, forgetting these I got “used-Like new” for $12.50 … I’d sort of say they are worth $19.99 (typical price) … but I’d HONESTLY spend a tad more for the T6’s ….if someone did ask me about these “go air pops” ...”yes or no, at 19.99?… no commentary” … I’d say yes … if you note the con’s (below)----------------------------------------------------------------Cons- The built in charging cable. - I do have to admit I KNEW about this before hand and this was not a surprise …..A) the length … I mean many earbud’s cable that comes included IS short, but this seems extra short. I may pickup usb “extension cable” to use with these buds which ACTUALLY may solve the other issue …. anyway I just do not like how short this is, where depending on how you are ABLE to charge this, the case has to be dangling somewhere with all the weight of the buds and the case on the built in cable. To keep it as a built in cable I know they HAVE TO make it small or double/triple the size of the case itself … that makes sense to me … but I’d just rather have a say separate USB-C port + cable for instanceB) I didn’t even think of this at first but with the prior Jlab model that didn’t have a top on the case (not sure who’d like that design idea) … but the built in charging cable the way Jlab has it, has the bottom (even when it’s tucked into the case) pins exposed… .this seems like a really bad idea for dust/dirt/etc to me but for the record I have only just gotten these and NOT had issues with this yet … just something that seems like an oversight or something.- Max Volume - this may or may not always be an issue but especially if you have audio that is not normalized (the default level of the source audio is too low vs what it should be) ... the max volume of these earbuds may not help.I never truly paid attention to reviews saying how loud certain buds are, but I do notice that compared to some earbuds, the MAX volume of these or even "on tick down" from max is what i have it on a bit (note: sometimes i do have a black Honeywell fan on next to me) .... when some other buds ... say oh 70% to max (guessing, but it's close) is good for me volume wise. Again this is not always an issue with good source audio or if your not in a loud/noisy place-----------------------------------------Summary (again based on first impressions)I think if you count lightning deals there may be better options when others go on good sales, but these aren’t bad. I can “deal with” the sound not being the greatest, but that charging cable A) being so short and B) the pins being completely exposed I do not like and maybe a deal breaker for some.I can’t say I 100% recommend (I mean counting deals there are better options out there .. even for a LITTLE BIT more in price)… nor can I say I don’t recommend (even with issues like I said) … they aren’t bad … as a backup pair or if you are just curious about theses … I’d say go ahead and give them a shot.