The DJI FPV drone itself is absolutely remarkable and once you've become experienced enough to fly with confidence, the view of the world around you changes. Each flight is a thrill and with the immersive view of the DJI FPV goggles, you'll never have a dull moment. Everyone I've shown this to has always had the experience of a lifetime and it never fails to wow kids to fully grown adults.Now here's where my issues lie with the DJI FPV drone. DJI claims that this drone can fly up to 10 miles, but from all of my experience flying this drone, you're lucky to get one or two before the signal begins to deteriorate and causes you to lose signal. Usually after a couple seconds, you'll get a signal back, but if you're flying this drone over water, around mountains, or any other kind of hazardous terrain, you better pray that the signal comes back in time because if it doesn't and the drone is in any other mode but normal, you're in trouble. The drone has an automatic return to home feature if it doesn't detect anymore incoming signals but again, only after some time has gone by will that feature kick in.As of right now, the battery life on the drone is extremely short, lasting only 10-20 minutes max on a full charge with 20 minutes being in perfect conditions and very minimal flying. If you have the fly more combo which includes 3 batteries, this can be looked past and I'm sure flight times will improve with future revisions to this model. However, if you're looking to fly for long periods of time without the need to land, you won't find that currently available. Charge time for the batteries is around 30 minutes or so which is pretty fast so if you're close to a nearby outlet, you'll be fine. Just don't plan any long adventures out in the wilderness if you don't have any kind of power stations nearby.The camera is an extremely wide angle lens shooting in 4k up to 60fps. It has different profiles that can be selected in the menus for better post production touch ups if you wish.The controls can take a bit of getting used to if this is your first drone experience. If you're an avid gamer, throw any experience you think you have of flying in the garbage (gta, any game with helicopters or drones). There's 3 different profiles you can choose for how the thumbsticks operate the drone, but none of them give you that classic flying experience you've grown accustomed to in every single video game that has the same inputs. In all seriousness, this is something that DJI could easily do, but just didn't... It doesn't take too much time to get get used to, but to become a confident pilot, you have to spend a decent amount of time growing accustomed to the new setup.You'll also need to purchase a micro sd card separately, one with extremely good write speeds otherwise you won't be able to record any of your flights. You can also record your flights off the goggles too which is extremely useful in case something happens to your drone. If you have an accident with your drone, you'll at least have the footage recorded off the goggles for evidence.Now this is where my gripe with this model really lies. It actually lies more so with DJI itself than the model. If you wish, DJI offers a care plan (insurance) for the drone upon activation. I knew I'd most likely need it since this drone is designed with pretty intense aerial maneuvers and flights in mind based upon the thrilling trailers they pain stakingly created. However, if you lose this drone, whether it's your fault or not, the insurance is useless. There have been a number of users who have operated this drone and have lost their drones due to weak/dropped transmission signals which is suppose to be covered under the DJI care plan. However, DJI ALWAYS blames it on user error, regardless of any proof you may have that says otherwise. So if the drone is unrecoverable, you're SOL. If you can manage to recover the drone though, you can breathe a sigh of relief since the care plan doesn't care how you damaged it, just so long as you can provide the body. The insurance costs around $250 and a replacement drone will once again charge you around that same price which is better than repurchasing the entire thing again.So in conclusion, the experience of flying a DJI FPV drone is absolutely incredible, a game changer, a thing of beauty. Their customer service however is not. It took nearly two weeks of extremely delayed responses/incorrect instructions to finally receive a verdict on my drone which was lost in a crash due to a lost signal just for them to come back and say it was due to user error when it was due to a lost signal (I was barely a mile away). I do recommend this product because the experience itself is a dream come true, but be forewarned and extremely careful not to lose the drone.