I ordered the Plantronics Voyager 5200 just when pandemic work-from-home in March 2020 began because my beloved Jabra headset finally gave up the ghost. I was confident the Plantronics would sound good (I have an even more expensive Plantronics headset at work), but was totally unprepared for the utter pain-in-the-(“neck”) it is to charge.THE GOOD:- It’s easy to pair and the behind-the-ear style is lightweight and very comfortable to wear for extended periods of time.- The noise cancellation is really impressive. If you’re walking outside and a Mack truck passes you, the person you’re speaking to will barely hear it. Wind noise is likewise cancelled very effectively.- The top volume could stand to go one step higher, but it’s adequate at the highest volume.- It’s relatively easy to arrange for right- or left-sided use, although it can be a little confounding to contort it from one side to other. However, since most people will want to use it on the same side all the time, that shouldn’t be a practical problem.- The battery life is decent, but nothing to get excited about. If you’re lucky, you’ll get about six hours of talk time.THE BAD & THE FRUSTRATING:- This is an *expensive* headset! But if you use it all the time, you figure it’s worth the investment, right? Well, for me it has been a mixed blessing.- It has the worst micro-USB charging port cover in the history of micro-USB charging port covers. Opening that *tiny* rubber protective port cover (which has no indentation or tab to grab) without damaging it requires either the sharpest fingernails in the world, a razor-thin knife blade or one of those microscopic eyeglass screwdrivers. It was tempting just to rip off that stupid rubber cover, but I was concerned that the connector would get full of dust and gunk.- After a frustrating week of using the micro-USB charging port every day, I basically felt forced to spend another $35 to buy the matching charging case. (Alternatively, you can spend more up-front and buy the headset *with* the charging case, which I would highly recommend if you buy this headset, assuming the combination pack is cheaper than buying the items separately.) The case has a built-in battery to recharge on the go, and even has two sets of tiny blue lights to tell you the battery level of the charger and the headset.- The charging case can be used either of two ways: you can either contort the headset into exactly the right position and stick it inside the case (which requires that you un-contort it after charging to put it back on your ear) or simply place it on top of the stand (in the little charging slot) and use it as a desk stand.- The charging stand is quirky and temperamental. I naively thought a desk-stand charger would be ideal and convenient. Silly me. Plantronics, which is famous for their proprietary and annoying charging connections, likewise equipped this charging case with a proprietary, annoying and *quirky* charging connection: the headset has four tiny copper strips on the back which need to aligned perfectly to the charging strips on the charging stand. When you place the headset on the desk stand correctly, the little blue lights will come on so you know it’s charging. Sounds simple, right? WRONG! It *usually* connects correctly, but about 1/3 of the time, you have to move the stupid headset on and off the charger multiple times to get the charger to recognize it and flash those little blue lights, and sometimes you have to blow hard onto the contacts to remove dust particles which apparently impede the connection. But the worst is, sometimes the little blue lights come on and you think it’s charging, but you wake up the next morning to find that, not only did the headset NOT charge, the charger actually *drained* the battery, leaving you with a completely dead headset. This happens so frequently, I have to remember to check the Plantronics Android app (which is almost as flaky as the charging system) every time I put the headset on the charger to make sure it says “charging.” Sometimes it saying “charging” and and sometimes it doesn’t, requiring you to jiggle the headset around some more until it actually starts to charge. (My $200+ Plantronics office headset, which has a different proprietary and annoying charging connection, has precisely the same flaw.) This is not a particularly fast charger and I have heard no technical justification for this ridiculous connection system, so I have to assume it was created simply to force you to buy a proprietary Plantronics charger. This is a HUGE drawback in my opinion.- After a year or so, the headset started randomly disconnecting and reconnecting to my Android phone. It doesn’t happen that often, but often enough to be really annoying. I have reset the headset sensors countless times, upgraded the firmware (which requires downloading the Plantronics app and plugging your headset into your computer), re-paired the headset to my phone and done pretty much everything else I can think of short of burning chicken feathers and chanting, but the Bluetooth connection has definitely become less reliable.BOTTOM LINE: When it works as it should, the 5200 is the best-sounding and most comfortable Bluetooth headset I’ve ever had. When it doesn’t, it makes you weep over the money you spent and all the aggravation making sure it’s actually charging.