Problem 1, be aware that this speaker has NO AUX input! JBL has one. I cannot stand music devices NOT having an Aux port that is synonymous with Music!?!? It's like peanut butter and jelly, some things just go together! Problem 2 and possibly the biggest problem is the connectivity of the speaker. I cannot get it to connect to my Note 10 plus phone no matter what I do! Troubleshooting says to remove and reinstall the app, which I did... still can't connect (sigh) . Also, when you search for the device using bluetooth, when you click on it...it will say "can only connect using the App"! So when the app can't find the speaker you're just F'ed! So...currently, I can ONLY connect my iPod to it. Problem 3, there is NO WAY to know how much battery power you have while you are playing it! I owned a JBL speaker and it has like 5 little glowing dots on it, so you can clearly see when your battery is getting low as the lights go out as the battery drains. On this bose speaker you have NO way to know the battery level if you are not using their cheap stupid app so expect to suddenly look over and see a blinking red light, then you have to scramble to plug it in! BIG issue if you have ever owned a JBL. Speaking of JBL, we own a JBL charge 3. Good little speaker until the charging bay broke and it cost more than the speaker is worth to replace it so we will just throw it away, it seems. Boy I HATE that SO many devices use the crappy USB port to charge. It's Very cheap and doesnt last long.Anywho, so we did a LIVE comparison and as far as bass and clarity the bose beats the JBL hands down. Especially if you put it in the corner...like a kitchen or bedroom corner.....it just turns your walls into a speaker box, sounds NICE. So nice we bought two Bose speakers! The party mode is pretty cool also when you connect two or more bose speakers and listen to your music in Stereo. Lastly, problem 4 is the Rubber type backing of this dirty little speaker. Like a little Rugrat... Or that forever dirty peanuts character Linus, lol! Maybe that's what we'll nickname it, lol! They may have thought the rubber was a good idea BUT I think it's a pain in the ass as it collects SO much lint and other debris! Just look at the two pictures I posted. One is AFTER I clean the speaker with a soft, damp cloth. Before the photo was taken, the speaker was just innocently rolling around on our bed where it collected ALL of my husband's hair and a bit of dandruff it seems, YUCK. It's like a freaking LINT ROLLER! Lol :) **Where EVER you put it expect it to collect lint and dust**. I clean this speaker every other day as I HATE to see something that is brand new LOOK so TRASHED. So my overall verdict is to buy it! But it's NOT nearly perfect, far from it! Its not "terribly" bland to look at but its not "cool" looking either. The coolest thing about it is the name of course! I look forward to the 5th and 6th generation of this speaker when all these little annoyances are hopefully improved.