I got this for about $71USD after coupons, and for that price, it is a steal. It has 32GB of on-board memory (actual usable space less) to store all your photos. Please note that this frame has an SD Card slot, but you CANNOT make it run off of the SD card slot, the SD card slot is there to transfer your photos directly to the frame without using your phone only. This means that if your frame is full, and you place an SD card in it, you still won't be able to view the pictures on the frame until you empty up some space and transfer the photos over.This frame runs on a simplified version of Android made by the manufacturer. Since it is simplified, it is rather responsive and well-laid out and easy to use. However, please note that extremely high-quality photos (ones that are above 25MB as I have noticed) tend to make the frame freeze up and become unusable. It will constantly reboot until you factory reset the frame. The picture will not even show up in the gallery section of the frame. Just keep this in mind. Regular iPhone photos will work just fine.The application uses a server to transfer over your photos to the frame (photos are not sent locally via LAN unless it is a batch upload. Batch uploads are 50 photos at once maximum). This may raise concerns over your photos being stored in a server in China, so keep this in mind, too. If you want to avoid all this hassle, purchase a cheap 32GB SD Card along with it and use your PC or Mac to transfer your photos to the SD Card and then use the SD Card to transfer the files to the frame using the built-in SD Card reader. This will prevent your photos from being backed up as long as you turn off the automatic backup feature in settings. Please also note that the frame REQUIRES you to use wifi during setup, you CANNOT skip that step.If you know what you're getting into, and considering a cheap digital photo frame to have some photos on to give your grandma, then this is perfect. If you're, however, looking for a photo frame that is of high-quality for personal use, I'd look elsewhere, to be honest with you.The screen is good for the price (although nothing spectacular, I'd say it's 720p), it is 2inches thick, feels full of air inside (and hence, very cheap feeling), the stand is wobbly, and so on and so forth. For a gift, its perfect, but for personal home use, look elsewhere at something that is built better and doesn't sell your photos to god knows who.Thanks for coming to my TEDTalk. I hope I covered everything.