I’ll comment on each of these and rank these vs the supplied silicone tips. This is my opinion based on my experience.Durability:You’ll see a lot of reviews criticizing how durable the material is. I took these to heart and so I was very, very careful when handling the tips during installation or otherwise. However, my tips started to get cut from the cheating case itself in the exact same place on both AirPods. The cut is localized and is still just a small piece after a few weeks, but I can confirm that these WILL break and fall apart if you let them.Apple Silicone: 10Foam: 4Noise Cancellation:I’ve seen a lot of reviews claim these somehow boosted their noise cancellation. I’m going to assume this was a result of the silicone tips not actually being in their ear, because these fully inserted vs the silicone tips fully interested is night and day. But these are also foam and they are just not going to seal our sound as well as the silicone tips.Apple Silicone: 9Foam: 5Fit:I’ve tried all 3 sizes of silicone tips and they just don’t stay on me for as long as I need. I’m usually fairly active when using them and I just think they lose grip due to sweat or moisture or ear wax. Whatever the reason, it was a constant struggle to keep them in place. While in place, however, the silicone tips were exceptional. On the flip side, these foam tips will stay in my ear no matter what. The fit is phenomenal, and I love that. However, while they do fit far better, the sound quality will suffer due to the hit in noise cancellation. If noise cancellation isn’t that important to you then you might not notice a difference. I did.Apple Silicone: 2Foam: 10Charging:You’ll see a couple reviews that mention how the tips affect the AirPods ability to charge in the case. This, in my experience, is valid. The foam tips aren’t the precise size and shape of the silicone tips. I imagine they’re a bit larger, or perhaps just bulkier. This leads to the AirPods not sitting in the case precisely correct, and a jostle here or there will 100% dislodge them from the charging magnet. You will never be certain that your AirPods are charging and your instances of opening up the case to find one or both AirPods are at 0% will skyrocket.Apple Silicone: 10Foam: 2Conclusion: The Apple silicone tips are simply superior in every aspect but one: fit/grip. The issue is that for a large population of people (myself included), that means the “pros” of the silicone tips are meaningless since we can’t keep the things in our ears long enough to care. We’re willing to sacrifice a bit here and there in order to actually put these in our ears and forget about them, not having to adjust them every 5 minutes.If the durability and fit within the case on these were slightly higher I’d 100% recommend to anyone that doesn’t get the fit they need from the silicone tips. As it stands, if you do decide to buy them, be very, very careful or you will rip them to shreds. And be sure to place the case in a position where you can verify it’s actively charging. The days of throwing them in and forgetting are over.Tl;dr - Fit is fantastic; durability is an issue; noise cancellation is subpar; charging is an issue.