I’m moderately happy with my purchase, but unfortunately it’s not ideal. First of all, I should state that I purchased this to provide power inside my office, which is inside a shed on my property. The shed has no power outlets, so until I can get it wired, the only power source is a drop cord run from inside the house. I have two dropcords running into the shed, one for each side, because it’s 24 feet long and cords won’t reach all the way across the building.One side has my computer equipment and a lamp. I have a different brand of power tower there because I needed a white one to look decent with my desk decor. I purchased this one for the other side of the building, which has a sofa, TV, and a small electric heater for the coldest times. (This building isn’t insulated.)As soon as I got this, I connected it to my brand new drop cord and plugged in a lamp, my TV, my Chromecast, and the heater. Nothing else. Within 10 minutes, everything went off on that side of the building, but not the other. This meant it wasn’t a breaker issue, it was the power tower. Sure enough, I had to push in the red reset button on the unit to get power back. I tried running the heater on low and it ran for a couple of hours with no problem, but low isn’t going to be enough when it’s 20 degrees or lower.I understand that you’re not supposed to plug things like heaters or refrigerators into a surge protector, but in my building I have no outlets, thus I have no option. I plan to get a kerosene heater for the building soon, but for now I will have to be quite cold because this unit just can’t support this one electric heater on high, which is unfortunate since that’s the most important thing I need to run. I do have another brand of tower that has run my heater on high all winter inside the house (same exact type of heater) with no issues whatsoever. No overheating, and no kicking off. I may purchase another one of those to use in my building.Also, it’s not weighted on the bottom so it does tend to tip over. I will probably get some velcro or tape to solve this issue.I will say that it DOES function well as far as overload protection! Although I’m sad I can’t run my heater on high as I’d hoped, it did kick off when there was too much power running, so kudos to that function at least!