These are expensive, and have a lot more rough edges than they should for the price.I could write a lot, but instead let’s just try a quick list:1. The charge case design sucks. Put in a damned finger groove. This is supposed to be for use in less than ideal conditions and I’m tired of my fingers slipping around on it. It’s slippery and easy to drop.2. The pairing button on my charge case has failed after less than a year. At some point I’m going to need to re-pair these and then I have to buy a new case. I expect it’s due to the case being exposed to sweat, splashes, etc. in pockets during outdoor activity. For a product targeted to harsh environment users, this sucks.3. The electrical contact points on the buds are corroding. This has to be from sweat exposure. This sucks. It means that I FREQUENTLY stick the headphones in the charging case, and come back to find them not charged. I have to clean them carefully, and then try over and over to get a verified connection to the case.4. All sorts of bluetooth issues until android 13, which works fairly well. Before that was horrible. Still, every now and then - ESPECIALLY when one walks out of range and comes back in - they get REALLY messed up and must be returned to the case with the case shut before they will reconnect to a mobile device. Given how bad bluetooth sucks in general, it’s hard to blame the headphones as the sole source of this though …These devices are worse than average when something goes wrong because any kind of reset or retry has to involve returning them to the case and fiddling with things. When you are out in the field and jsut want your music to work, this is not a great situation.5. The “tap” control mechanism for turning ANR on and off is really unreliable to activate. two different actual buttons or something would have been a better design for outdoor users. I want something I DON’T HAVE TO SCREW WITH!!!! This control is really fiddly and unpredictable.6. Battery life is not too bad. I’ve used these for long conference calls and they don’t last more than maybe three or for hours like that - but in their normal role of playing music with ANR on, it’s been pretty much what it’s supposed to be.7. They do charge really slowly. The case pulls less the 0.1 amp at 5V, when is pretty low rate by modern standards. Still, not too big of a deal as there is enough capacity to avoid frequent charged.8. They stay in your ear well. I’ve never had one some out during activity.9. The ANR is ok. It ain’t Bose, but it helps. It’s very effective for wind noise, which is nice.In summary: I’m not sure if I would buy these again. They are not as solid as my older corded jaybirds. I think they fail to meet the grade they have been advertised at. Especially for the price point. I may update this someday if I try some other vendors “earth proof” product.