I've been using these as my only ear buds for the past 6 months. I use them on average 2 hours a day; sometimes for 4 hours or more. There are some features that are worth considering on these earbuds, and some things that make me want to purchase another brand.SoundThese earbuds sound great. The bass is strong when it needs to be, but not overwhelming at all. I listen to jazz, funk, and pop/rock from the 70s and 80s. The HearID Sound Test within the app customizes the equalizer separately for each ear and the resulting sound is much better for me than the default sound profile. In the past I've used Pixel Buds (the original, not the Pro), Pixel Buds A, and Sony Linkbuds. Anker sounds better than any of those, in my opinion.Phone CallsI make a few phone calls every day on my earbuds and one of the reasons I selected these is for their phone call quality. I often make calls using these buds while driving. Some of the people I talk with will not hesitate to tell me if my voice quality sucks (they have said so with other devices). No one has ever complained about voice quality using the Soundcore 3 Pro buds. My voice is always clear, even when I am in noisy environments. These buds outperform much more expensive buds like the Sony MX4 and Boise Quiet Comfort buds for phone calls in noisy environments, at least according to the Youtube reviews I've seen. The higher end buds don't focus on phone calls as much, apparently.ANCThis is the first ANC capable device I have used, but it seems to work well for me. It blocks much, but not all, outside noise. I have flown with these earbuds and find that I am more relaxed on the plane. I guess the jet engine noise causes me low-level anxiety which I was unaware of. On a long drive with my two adult sons, I eventually needed a break from their music. I put in my buds with ANC on and found peace. It was wonderful.Touch ControlsThe touch controls are one of the most disappointing features, especially after using two models of Google Pixel buds. It often doesn't pick up on my touches. I can customize the touches, but the customization only works when I have both buds in. When I'm using only one bud, which I often do when listening to podcasts, the touch controls revert back to the default, which is annoying. Also, when I take a bud out of my ear, it is supposed to stop the music. It does for a second, but if I'm holding my bud in my hand, it thinks it's back in my ear. When I'm on a walk and stop to talk to a neighbor, I would like to remove one bud and have a conversation. But the music starts again soon after in the other ear.CaseThe case serves its purpose, but I have a very difficult time getting my average-sized (male) fingers in to pull out the earbuds. More on that later.Ear WingsThis is my other big frustration with these buds. Over time, the ear wings get loose and start to slide around, not staying put on the earbud, making for a poor fit. No other manufacturer that I am aware of uses ear wings. They are not a plus. I've found on the Soundcore website where I can order replacement ear wings, but it says they are sold out. I'm currently using the next larger size, which decreases comfort.I think one of the reasons I have problems with the ear wings is that I can't get my fingers into the case to grab the buds. I end up grabbing an ear wing instead. I usually grab the right bud first, and the ear wing on that earbud is very loose (the left one doesn't slip around near as much). Once I get the right bud out of the case, it's easier to get the left one out without having to grab the ear wing. If you purchase these, I suggest you stick your finger between the buds in the case and 'push' them out rather than trying to grab them. I believe it will allow the ear wings to last longer.BatteryI've almost never run low on battery for the buds. Wearing them 2 to 4 hours at a time, they have plenty of battery.Software AppThe app on my Android phone works well. There are some features that are confusing or hard to find, but overall it's a good app. You can take the custom sound profile it creates for you and alter it (more bass, different music styles, etc), but that function is not intuitive to find in the app.Overall, a great pair of ear buds. If I could get replacement ear wings, I would be a lot happier. If I can't, I may need to purchase another brand.