Note: This is specific to the Q35 headset with the most advanced sound and mic processing available in this headset line (in case it is mixed in with other Anker Soundcore headsets).SUMMARYOverall, this is a good - even great - bluetooth headset. But for meetings, missing a few critical items such as good low battery reporting, and especially a mic mute button on the headset really mar an otherwise great product. The gimmicky auto-pause feature should be off by default until it's ready for primetime and out of alpha/beta stage, made even worse by taking hours to get the app installed to turn it off. Furthermore the standard of being able to easily connect to two devices is not met here - you have to manually reconnect the 2nd device from bluetooth settings. If this headset was $50 I could still give it 4-5 stars for the value, but as a meeting headset, at this price, I give it 3 stars as the headset and app software currently stand.I really, really want to like this headset. It is a very good bluetooth headset in general, but for meetings/calls, there are some issues. For general music/audio playback, I gave it 5 stars on sound quality, and the controls are fine for that with both playback pause and volume up/down, plus different ways to swap between noise cancellation modes. All that works great, as advertised. The rest of the review will cover primairly headset usage.PROS:- The sound in general is good, with good noise cancellation. The "transparent" noise cancellation mode lets you hear everything around you well.- The sound processing of voice without a boom mic works great, with good noise cancellation of background noise such as typing, eating/drinking, TV in the background, etc. significantly or completely reduced. This works better than I expected - about as good as I was hoping.- The battery life is amazing. I haven't directly measured, but it feels like the claim of 40 hours with NC on is correct. See below on reporting though.- Connection distance of the bluetooth is great from my laptop. Definitely 50% to maybe 100% more than my other BT headsets. It's roughly 50-60 yards with a clear shot (from my front room out to the end of my driveway). I can go anywhere in my house, basement or 2nd floor, which isn't true of other headsets.- The over-the-ear setup and fit is decent overall (but see cons below). Do need to be a bit careful of it falling off in some situations.CONS:- My biggest con, and this takes away AT LEAST a full star. There is no mute button on the headset for the mic. This is just goofy to me. It's a bluetooth headset with an awesome no-boom mic voice pickup and great range. It's made for good calls/meetings - while roaming from your device. But no mic mute. In most conference calls (Teams/Zoom meetings, etc.), it is common practice to mute your mic when you are not talking. The entire purpose of a bluetooth headset is so that you can roam around when needed. That means I must have a mic button to mute/unmute myself when I'm away from my PC (or phone), directly on the headset. Whether I'm letting the dog out at my home (working remotely), grabbing a drink in the middle of a 2 hour call, or just walking around getting some steps in for the day during a call, I cannot afford to walk back to my PC to unmute. And if I'm unmuted, and the dog starts barking, or whatever, I need to be able to insta-mute from the headset. There are plenty of buttons, and maybe they could make a software update and allow you to configure this. I would happily give up the pause/play button for a mic mute button - or give up the NC mode button, given you can do that with the touch pad on the right ear as well.- This may only apply to fairly large heads (7 3/4" hat size) - while the headset is big enough for my big head, it still applies a decent amount of pressure on the ears, and the "heat up" effect is very noticeable after about 30 mins to an hour. I do not find it comfortable to wear these all day and take a break from them whenever possible during a long day of continuous meetings.- Finding the app and getting it installed (or getting an account setup and verified) was a significant ordeal. I have the Android app on my phone now, still no PC app (does one exist?). This is a significant stain on an otherwise stellar product. There should be a product page that clearly lays out exactly what software is available for each product, and if you are going to require an account (why must you?), and you are going to require verification, make sure the process works flawlessly.- For powering on/off you have to hold down the button for an extremely long period of time. I think it's over 5 seconds. This is very annoying. It should be 2-3 seconds, tops. This is especially important in needing a fast power-up time if someone calls and the headset is powered off, for example. I don't believe the power button has any other function built into it, so I can't imagine why this is tuned to such as long time. This could potentially be fixed in a firmware update, if Anker is listening...- The gimmicky "pause playback when you remove the headset" is alpha-level software at best. There are times this triggers just wearing the headset and I'm fighting with the headset hitting play to keep a video running while it's constantly being paused. Thankfully you can turn this behavior off in the app - if you can get the app setup...- Unfortunately when changing noise cancelling modes, they "announce" the new mode when you change, which cuts out the sound from your meeting, video, etc., to make the announcement, so you miss part of whatever you are listening to when changing the mode (for example, to hear what a colleague is trying to say to you with NC on). Maybe this can be turned off in the app? If not, that would be a welcomed additional feature.- A hiccup on the battery life reporting - it goes from "high" upon powering up to "low" fairly soon (maybe after losing 20% or so?) and is in the "low" range for a very long time. Then you get a "beep" when battery is close to out. You get 2 or 3 beeps total, but I think it's less than 30 minutes before it shut down on me after the first beep. They really need a different setting for when you get to 15-20% of power (that should be "low"...), because that is where you should charge back to 80%+ for best battery longevity, and 30 minutes is not long enough advance warning when you can have 1-2 hour meetings. The first beep should be with maybe 5% of battery left (2-4 hours, given 40 total hours of battery), then make them progressively closer together as you get to 2%, 1%, 0.5%, "shutting off now", etc. Note that they do report the approximate battery level to my phone - perhaps you can get that in the PC app, if one exists and I can figure out where to download it from.- While you can pair the headset to 2 devices (e.g. laptop and phone), the device seems to only be able to connect to one of them at a time. This means you can't really switch to an incoming phone call from a meeting, for example. Or, even if you are just listening to a video or just have the headset on the desk, but connected to your PC, you can't pickup a phone call without opening your bluetooth settings on the phone and connecting. Then, to reconnect to the laptop, you need to open the bluetooth settings there and reconnect. I'm a little fuzzy on some of the details, since I've largely stopped using it for dual-purpose, but you may have to power the headset off and on again, then connect. This is all perhaps minor, but if you are going to advertise being able to work with 2 devices, it should work better than this.-FURTHER INFORMATION AND COMMENTS:Mic pickup and noise cancellation:I love the idea of using multiple mics (2) along with the other noise cancelling mics (4) in this headset to pick up voice from the user, and drown out other background noise - all without a boom mic! I tested this extensively by recording meetings in Microsoft Teams with just myself there, and tested the different teams noise cancellation modes along with this headset, while different noises were in the background - TV, typing on a quiet, but mechanical keyboard with different levels of intensity, and with different Teams noise cancellation settings.One thing for sure, do not use this headset and leave Teams on "auto" noise cancellation, or the "high" setting. Both of the noise cancellation algorithms together will create "too much" noise cancellation and drowned out your voice, causing semi-regular significant distortion when there is a moderate amount of background noise. Other people would complain that my volume sounded really low or that my voice was distorted, like there was a bad connection for a bit.I tested with the Teams NC set to "low" and "off". Low works well to add additional noise cancellation without adding additional distortion of my voice in my tests, and this is now the setting I've been using for a few weeks. This will drowned out light or moderate typing, myself eating and drinking, and all but fairly loud background noise. Setting Teams to "off" allows more to get through. You can start to hear moderate typing, for example (though it sounds very light, almost like small clicks). Either does a good job of reducing background noise while keeping the users voice in focus, without a boom mic present.