Lets face it for the price it's hard to complain much about a 1080, indoor/outdoor camera that works pretty well. Setup was pretty easy, it has the ability to record 24/7 to a microSD, it has competitively priced options for cloud storage as well and the video quality is pretty good.In 2022 though I'm still amazed how poor the feature set is across companies making these products. First of all every brand should have both local and cloud storage options, period and wyze checks this box. I see a lot of break ins and even the smash and grab thieves have learned to take the camera, rip the camera doorbell off etc. If you have local external storage the cameras record to, get it away from your router/modem and hide it (it better be wifi) or they will find that and take it too. So we can debate the privacy of cloud storage but you really want a system with both local and cloud, and preferably 24/7 cloud recording for any wired cameras. I can't count the number of break ins I've seen where the owner had cameras but either ended up with no video, or at best a couple notifications on their phone with no recordings.24/7 recording to the cloud is ideal, you want to be able to go back in a camera feed in case something odd happens. For example most people if they have a camera in their front yard set it so it won't notify them of cars and people on the sidewalk, understandable you'd be getting alerts every 5 minutes. However, if your neighbors mention a strange car has been parked across the street, or a strange person has been walking around recently, you want to be able to go back and look at footage for the last few days. Wyze cannot do this last part, all you can get is motion notification recordings to the cloud, you can do this through the camera if you use 24/7 recording to the SD card.Multi-person geofencing, this is the one that really amazes me that more companies don't have. If they are 24/7 outdoor cameras, or you live alone it might not be a big deal, but the fact that more companies can't geofence all the members of a family is hugely annoying and unless everyone in the family is diligent about manually engaging/disengaging cameras you either get bombarded with notifications (that you'll soon start ignoring) or the cameras don't get turned on when no one is home, either of these is good. Wyze cannot do this, and after using systems with that feature it was a deal breaker.Integration is the last part that's difficult but important. For example it would be nice if say the camera in the backyard saw someone at 9pm, or your doorbell camera sees someone at the door, it would automatically put that video up on say an Echo show, smart tv, etc. if you had one to let you see what is going on.What's worse is the features change even in the same brand based on the equipment, some cameras for brand X record to the cloud, some don't, some work with alexa, some won't, even if you commit to a single brand functionality changes. Now I understand with battery cameras you can't get 24/7 recording, but you'll see wired cameras for a brand some record to the cloud, some don't, some only record clips to the cloud, some record 24/7, etc. Companies also do not make it easy to figure out this in advance as a consumer, likely on purpose. Many will say "works with alexa" but it's hard to find out exactly what functionality is there. Can you just ask alexa to show the video on an echo show, can alexa alert you if there's a notification, can alexa automatically play camera video if motion is detected, etc.This isn't just beating up on Wyze because the majority of camera companies these days still don't offer these features, but it's something to keep in mind to know the limitations. That said for the price you can do a lot worse than these.