I really wanted to like this camera. I mean come on. $140 for a 4K camera with great battery life and many competitive features. I use my action cams mostly for recording longer motocross races. So I need decent resolution and long battery life. I don’t really care that much about image stabilization since I think it makes a very rough track and riding experience look like you’re skiing thru fresh powder. Just my opinion.The camera feels well built and the buttons work reasonably well. They all take a hard press and it’s a little hard to tell if you’ve actuated them correctly. The touchscreen is not up to current GoPro/DJI standards but is plenty usable. These are issues I easily look past considering the price point.The huge assortment of extra accessories is really nice to have and the 2 batteries plus separate charger is how every manufacturer should do it. The remote works quite good although I didn’t use it for what I was doing since battery life was more than adequate and I could just start recording at my truck, ride to the start line, do the race, and have plenty of battery life.The battery life seems very good. The races I run are around 60 min long by the time I”m finished. The battery was only about half used by then. Way better than my Hero4 Black cams.I’ve used GP Hero 4 (my personal cams), Hero 5/6/7, and DJI Osmo Action 2. The DJI Osmo is by far the best camera of them all in terms of functionality and ease of use. Also a great battery. Unfortunately for me I like a really wide angle for the races. The DJI is not wide enough. I really like GoPro’s Superview.That’s probably the biggest reason I won’t be keeping the Asako cam. Even on the widest setting (both at 1080 & 2.7K) it is much narrower than I want. Pretty much a deal killer for me.Secondly the quality of the footage (resolution and clarity) just seems lower than even my nearly 10 old Hero4 Blacks at the same resolution. I’m no video expert and it’s hard to put my finger on it but the footage just looks softer, like it’s slightly out of focus. I only shot in 1080 and 2.7K but comparing it under the same kind of shooting conditions just doesn’t give a good result.I recorded footage with the image stabilization both on and off. I think with it on it pulled the FOV in even tighter and it seemed to give it kind of a swimmy look. With it off it was better but then it also seemed more bouncy than my typical GP footage. But that’s hard to quantify.Last little nitpicks. The full enclosure case works fine but is pretty bulky. A skeleton style case would be a nice option that I would gladly pay extra for, just to get the cam closer to my helmet.Lastly the camera exports the video files in MOV format (GoPro exports MP4s). I didn’t even realize this until my edit software OpenShot had issues importing MOV files where it cuts off the last bit of each file. Not the fault of the Asako cam but it seems from reading around that maybe MOV files are a little more difficult to deal with. Anyhow that was an issue as well. I would have had to buy an MOV to MP4 converter software since the free versions handle only 1-2 GB files which are much smaller than what these cams export. I didn’t see a place to change the export format but maybe I missed it.The Asako app is nothing to write home about but it does serve the basic function of getting the camera aimed and you can do rudimentary review of your footage. Again, just fine at this price point.So I sent this Asako action cam back for a refund. But for me; if they made a real “superview” wide angle and got the quality of the footage sharper I would buy this action cam again immediately. New GoPros for $400+ with all of their own crazy faults that they seem to cycle thru as they release new versions is just a ridiculous proposition.Thanks Asako for making this budget contender! Just a few improvements and I’ll be 1st in line to buy again.