 1st Edit (January 28, 2020) 3 StarsREAD INITIAL REVIEW FIRST!!!After 8 months of use, I decided to update my initial review, and change my rating from 5 to 3 Stars. Let me explain why:1. Kami from Yi: Yi decided to have a new line of products, focused on security (wireless and wired Cameras, a hub to avoid using Wifi for motion sensors and door sensors). It was such a strange and dumb decision, that actually two of Kami's cameras are physically identical to the New Yi Dome X (good camera BTW) and to the Outdoor camera. Only difference? That now it not only uses 2.4 Ghz, but also 5 Ghz Wifi. That's it! But now, instead of having to buy just new Yi products, to add to your system, you have to pay more money, and... USE ANOTHER APP!!! After some months, Yi made an update that made the Yi Home app, compatible with all Kami devices (including their hub and Zigbee? Z-Wave devices?).This shouldn't have happened in the first place. Kami is just a new line of Yi Products that should have been a part of the Yi Ecosystem from the beginning.2. Amazon/Alexa compatibility: After an update, now you can use your Echo Show devices and you Firestick to see your cameras. Only problem? This doesn't work. To the point where this skill is rated 1 star. On my brand new Echo Show 8, the video feed freezes and gets stucked in Buffering (see attached photograph).3. No Google Home compatibility, IFTTT or SmartThings: Not everyone has an Amazon/Alexa ecosystem. Other companies have all this compatibility (Wyze for example).4. Home and Away mode: You can now change mode through the app. Only problem is that without IFTTT or SmartThings compatibility, in case you have an alarm system, you have to go into the app to set it manually and not automatically.If Yi wants to keep up with competition, it need all this compatibilities or make a Camera door ring bell, Siren, smart lock with keypad, etc. Right now, this is not the case, so Yi is being left behind. I've read rumors (and even filled one of Yi's surveys through email about this, but until then, they need to make things happen).5. Desktop App with no upgrades: I understand almost everyone uses their phone. But watching 8 cameras, is impossible to do at the same time through your phone (you should be able to see 4!!!). Desktop app is the same as ever and has no updates. If you have a desktop app, please update it.6. Outdoor camera still can't change sensitivity: From my first review, you can read that the Outdoor camera is WAY too sensitive (there's even a video). Every night I had the Siren trigger because of bugs/insects. This makes this function useless. You should be able to set the trigger for this, for X amount of seconds of continuous movement, not only sensitivity. I had to turn this off completely. If it worked, it would be an AWESOME function, actually really useful.7. Baby Monitor: Through Kami, Yi had a crowdfunding campaign for this. I supported them, and will be updating when I get it (march, according to the Indiegogo campaign page)---------------------------------------------1st REVIEW (May 14, 2019) 5 StarsSo, I've waited quite a while to write this review. I didn't know where to do it, so I'll copy/paste it in all of Yi's Cameras I own (1080p, Outdoor, Dome, and 3), since I'll write this review as an individual review for each type of Camera, and as a whole camera system.1080p (4/5): At the moment of this writing, this is the best bang for the buck. You can get 4 of this for $118! or one for $29. The good thing about this is its simplicity and price. The fact that you can also mount this on the ceiling with screws makes it even better. One of the things you should take into consideration, is that even though this mentions its specs as a 112 degree FOV… it’s more of a real 90 degree.I mounted my cameras on corners of my home, so I was expecting to see both walls… which I didn’t or barely did. I discovered that there’s a setting called “Lens distortion correction”, that can make your FOV wider, sacrificing distortion (obviously), helps quite a bit, but 112, compared to other options (like the Yi 3) is on the lower side of specs.Night Vision is good. Quite contrasty, which I have to admit looks better to the eye, but won’t give you all the information something with a wider Dynamic Range can give you (like the Yi 3, again).This comes with “Baby Crying Detection”, which I haven’t tried, but soon will, as I bought this one to work as a WiFi baby monitor placed on top of my son’s crib.As all of the other Yi cameras, this has Motion Detection Alerts, which can also be switched On or Off with a Schedule, and you can change the frequency of the alerts.I bought the Cloud service for 5 cameras, Motion Based recording, which works OK… and also use 32 GB micro SD Cards, to store things locally. One of the downsides of ALL the Yi Cameras I own, is that for some reason I can’t record 24/7 on the micro SD card locally, and motion based on the cloud. That would make a lot more sense. Another downside, is that if you record 24/7, you can’t know where there’s movement in the recording, you have to scroll bit by bit, potentially missing things you might want/need to see. I guess most would want motion based recording, but take this into consideration if you buy the Cloud Service.Outdoor (3/5): Good camera, with good night vision (which for an Outdoor camera is a must). This also comes with an option to sound an Alarm if motion is detected (on a Schedule if you need, or always). This should sound for the whole time the motion is detected, not for only the 3 seconds it lasts. And the Alarm is not as loud as it should be. You should be able to change this to the amount of time the movement/motion happens (even though you only get 1 notification in the app).Night Vision is something that should be better in future firmware. It’s not that the night vision is bad, is that it triggers alerts when a bug flies in front and close to the camera. Even a bug flying for half a second at night, will trigger the Alarm and the notification. Even at the Lowest Sensitivity, it gives too many False Positives. Which is obviously a problem. (I’ll try to attach a video about a simple insect trigerring the alert and Alarm).The camera, since it’s designed to work on outdoors, works as expected. Rain (lot’s of it), wind, sun, etc., and still going strong. Please take into consideration that this cameras has a short cable, so placing it far away from the electrical outlet will create a need for an extension or some other option.Dome Camera (4.5/5): This is the one that has the most features. It can pan and tilt (go up/down or right/left). It can follow movement (called “Motion Tracking”) or it can scan from one spot to another (you choose the spots, called Bookmarks). The only reason I‘m taking 1 star off is that it has the same FOV as the 1080p and when you have it one spot, and motion is detected and it starts to follow movement… sometimes, when it tries to go back to its original position, it won’t. It’s not that big of a deal, but it’s something that annoys me, and it makes the biggest selling point of this camera, not so good (Motion Tracking), since you have to once in a while place the camera again where you want it to be focused normally.Night mode is similar to the 1080p Camera, which again, is quite contrasty.For the amount of features, this would be the best Yi camera, but if you can place your camera in a corner of your house, paying for this model and not the 1080p (or even the 3), won’t make much sense.3 (5/5): This is the newest option from Yi. It has a much better night vision (a little on the flat side, but you get more information), MUCH better FOV. This also has, instead of the Baby Crying alert found on the 1080p, Abnormal Sound alerts, which you can set from 50dB (conversations), to 90dB (harmful/dangerous sounds), in 10dB steps. I have set mine at 60dB.One of the best features on this model, is that you can not only set Schedules for alerts, but Schedules for the camera to be on/off. This is awesome for some privacy in our Master bedroom.All these features, at the time I’m writing this, come with a $49 price per camera… which for my needs, was justified.The Yi 3 is a modern camera, with better technical specs and probably technology that the other cameras I own. I really don’t know if a firmware update could bring the 3’s features could migrate to past models or if it’s something about processor/chip capacity.ALL CAMERAS: Unfortunately these are not Smart Cameras, so there’s nothing to do with Alexa, Google Home or something like Samsung’s SmartThings here. Everything is handled via the App, which as far as I’ve seen, the interface is pretty much the same as every other camera. They have the GREAT advantage that you can have your information stored on a Cloud based system or in the SD card (which at least IMHO, it’s a great PLUS).Yi Ecosystem: One of the things that Yi has overlooked, is that the Yi App/Software is designed to work with one camera, not as a system. So for someone like me, that has 9 cameras (1 Dome, 1 Outdoor, 2 1080p and 5 Yi 3’s), it becomes a little bit of a problem. For example, I don’t have the chance to turn ON all camera’s setting an Away mode, or remove notifications in a Home mode… or any type of combination. If I need to turn on all cameras, I have to enter into the settings of each camera, one by one. This doesn’t make much sense. You can’t see two or several cameras at the same time… you can only see one.NOTE: Yi Home Camera 2 and Yi Cloud Cameras, are the models I didn’t need so I don’t have any opinion or anything to mention about them. At the moment of this writing, version 2 is not available anywhere.