I'll start off with I have purchased 4 of these cameras over the last few years. I had the old black 720p, the newer 720p that only came in white for some reason and then 2 of the 1080p versions. My older ones have worked great. I switched out the black base (720p) with the newer 1080p camera so that I could mount it in my front window to watch the porch area. I had to purchase a 10 foot usb cable to reach the outlet and to route it along the outside of the window frame, but it was cheap, and isn't really visible.So my take-Pros:1. Cheap - The cameras are inexpensive and you don't have to use the cloud service when you use the SD card option. I see some of the reviews complaining that they can't see longer videos, but I haven't had that problem and all my cameras have the latest updates.2. Easy to install - The app (Android in my case) was easy to install, then scan the back of the camera, identify your 2.4 Ghz WiFi (it doesn't work on 5Ghz yet), type in your password, point your phone at the camera and wait. Camera connects and you are good to go. I was even able to share one of my cameras with someone else so she could check in as well. She could make changes, but she could view it on her phone and on the desktop app.3. Desktop app - You can install a PC software, which I use when I worked late so no one could sneak off the elevator at work and scare the &*^% out of me.4. Motion record - It works pretty well and you can change the amount of movement needed for activation and how frequent it sends you the notice.5. Mounting - you can pop off the vertical piece and there are 3 small screw holes in the base. I used these to mount the cam upside down in the front window.6. Support (sorta)- The few times I've had to contact support for something they got back to me within 24 hours. I realize that they are not US based, so there is a time difference. I will also say that I had a camera that stopped connecting to my network and they sent a replacement right away.Cons -1. Night shots - Night vision isn't very good, but that is probably more to do with the fact I'm shooting through a window. I have the cams angled to help, but still get some IR reflection. If a car drives by the headlights wipe out the video as well before it can shutter the lens.2. Connections - I wouldn't have to mention this on the older cameras, but I did have a camera that stopped connecting to my network. I tried resetting the camera (SOOO many times), I tried it on other networks (I even setup a new dedicated network) and when it wouldn't work, tech support sent me a new 1080p camera.3. Connections part deux - The new camera connects to the network well, but will go offline every so often. At first I thought one of my animals was unplugging it because that was how the camera seemed. I couldn't ping it, no connection or anything. I have now plugged it into a remote switching outlet that I can then power cycle the camera to get it to reconnect. Sometimes it will go 5 days before it needs to be 'rebooted', but I had to reboot at 6:30 last night and again at 7:30 this morning. Hopefully this one isn't getting ready to die too.4. Audio - They advertise this as 2-way audio, which it is, but don't plan on using it as an intercom device. My voice would come out 'tinny' from the camera, which you should expect from a speaker that small. I have had some times where the audio didn't match the video, but it would only be off a fraction of a second upto a full second. It is more annoying really.