This is an add to the top. On playback in the Reolink client, you can deselect showing the clips with just motion. I had complained about having to winnow through all of the pure motion events to get to the ones with people or cars, so finding this helped considerably.I have to upgrade support to 5 stars. I had an issue and they provided a good working solution within 24 hours on a weekend.Also, I got an update of the firmware and saw a review that said it will help night vision. Will post back on that.Initial observations are that I like the camera and will keep it, but it does not perfectly solve my problems. the main issue is performance at night.Setup in the phone app and Windows client was easy and pain free.The daylight quality is wonderful. I can position the camera zoomed to 5x and read most of the license plates leaving my cul-de-sac by daylight. Night time, no joy. I am going to experiment with some off angle IR illumination and will try to post back if I can get that to work, but I think it will be a stretch. The problem is the lighting on the cars is washing out the video, so I will need to overwhelm it from an angle that defeats the glare.It will not record video that would identify someone breaking into our cars at night. In daylight, no problem. Still objects are incredibly sharp at night in all modes, but anything that moves blurs out and it doesn't have to be moving fast.The issue, of course, is that most of this crime is at night. That is my primary reason for adding the camera. Deputies pulled someone out of my car a few nights ago when I had forgotten to lock it. Lucky for me, they were staking out my neighborhood for this type of crime. I am concerned about the night they aren't there on a stake out.My existing 9 camera Axis system is sited to protect the house and it is not good for where the cars are parked. Axis dropped their less expensive line of cameras and never offered a PTZ camera at what I could afford, so I was eager to see how this would do. At some point, I know I will have to replace the proprietary Axis system as it wears out and Reolink has a lot of interesting and well priced equipment, but night performance is critical and appears lacking across the board. I hope that by adding floodlights I can make them work using the night time color mode which seems better than the IR B&WThere appear to be some settings only available in the phone app, but I might not have found them yet in the Windows client. When possible, I vastly prefer to use a computer for this sort of work. A real keyboard and large monitor goes a LONG way.Compared to Axis Companion, the Reolink client playback is cumbersome. With Axis, it is easy to jump from clip to clip to move back and forth between them on the timeline. Reolink uses two interfaces to access playbacks, one with clips and the other just a time line, but neither is as fast and easy as Axis. I hope Blue Iris will solve this issue if I can find the time to beat it into submission. Reolink is somewhat easier to navigate in the phone app, but harder to see what is going on in the small screen.Playback stalls, especially when using the highest quality video on the PC which is very frustrating. My network is Gigabit throughout, so it should be fast enough for the transfer. I am using an SD card in the camera during testing. Perhaps an NVR would be faster, but it does not make any difference with the Axis cameras. It seems when you download a clip to download it in the quality you were viewing. Again, I may be missing a setting to make it download only in highest quality while viewing in a faster low res version.I may have missed another setting, but I had the impression that when the camera is set to the people/vehicle detection modes it would only record people and vehicles, but it appears to record all motion and then puts an icon on what triggered the recording on the clip.I had a tech support question which was initially answered in a somewhat pointless manner, but my follow-up got a good response, all within 24 hours which I thought more than acceptable and better than many companies.Focusing after a zoom is slower than I would like and more difficult at night.While the camera can track moving objects, if there are multiple objects moving, it can follow the wrong one. I did not try it at night, but suspect more issues with that. I could be a wonderful feature for covering an area that should not have any traffic, but not so good for a high traffic zone. I wish it could be set to zoom in on the identified person who triggered the recording, but that might be too tricky to get right.I plan to keep it and find some work arounds for improving night quality, primarily more white light in the area where we park. The camera spotlight helps, but is not enough for forensic quality images which is what I am looking for. While the deputies were hoping my cameras caught something the night they were here, they had their own imagery from their air unit.