First off, for those who are not tech savvy, or do not need to use any of the convenience features like WiFi, Bluetooth, etc this camera is going to be fine. I give it an A+ for photos, and after all that is the main feature of a camera. Typical of Sony however - they put a lot of effort into building a world-class image sensor and camera electronics, but their software and support apps are literally worst-in-class. Its been that way for years - I thought at some point they would get it right but alas, it continues.I am a professional photographer - in general - we are less is more kind of users - and I suspect most of the amateur photogs are as well - so I could never understand why the menus are so complex. The menu system in this camera is HEINOUS - trying to navigate it in any kind of expedient fashion is next to impossible. Once set, its good to go but plan on a lot of time if you want to personalize it. Then there is the support for WiFi and Bluetooth. Its there, the ads make it sound like its a central feature to the camera - HA - good luck accessing it or making it work. Wireless file transfer to a Mac would be a great thing - I thought for sure this would finally work. It doesn't. The manual references apps that either no longer exist, or are in end of life and do not support current versions of Windows or MacOS. So even though the camera has Wifi - there is no real use for it it just eats up battery time if left on, so I disabled it.Finding the advanced manual online was a chore as well - the Sony website lists a manual for the RX100 - I never did find it at Sony, had to go through a 3rd party site. Again, total failure of execution.Sony should learn from other manufacturers (like Apple) that get it right - either include features that actually WORK, and verify them in your manuals and website - or don't include them at all. Advertising support for things like WiFi and Bluetooth is a downright LIE, they don't work, at least not without a lot of pain and frustration. I would doubt there are very few who actually get it working. I tried and I am *VERY* tech savvy.I would give this camera a 10 if the software actually worked and the menus were less complex. If I could wirelessly download photos to my Mac, or even conveniently transfer them via USB without fiddling with menus every time that would be a home run. Instead, I am stuck using this camera like I did all of my full body DSLRS - taking out the card every time and using an adaptor on my computer.Again - if all you want to do is take photos - this is probably the best image quality small camera out there right now. I am very pleased with it in that regard. At this price point, it is a bit beyond the reach of the average consumer though - I expect more. Working professionals want simple and compact too - there is a time and a place for it - but we also NEED the features like remote download and would gladly use them if they were there - making this purchase far more compelling.I am keeping the camera for my hobby / trip photography its still better than lugging around even a small mirrorless camera - I will just have to succumb to the fact that Sony's inept software team once again botched the job and made a future proof hardware product with outdated, klunky and poorly executed software. Crying shame.