Writing this review after my 2nd Duo 2 failed for the same reason. There is an issue with the plastic mount and on both of my cameras they eventually failed on their own. I have video of both camera mounts just failing. The first mount lasted 3 days before it just cracked on it’s own and the camera ended up dangling by the wires. The 2nd replacement camera lasted over a week before the same exact mount cracking happened. I don’t know if this issue is with all Duo camera’s or just the ones sold through Amazon, but there has to be other customers that experienced the same mount failing that I have. The second Duo was ordered two weeks after the first one failed as a replacement. As always the Amazon return process was easy but after having two camera’s fail in a row I don’t want to waste any more of my time with this model from Reolink.The camera has a metal housing, and if they would have had a metal mount arm this would of never happened. The camera was mounted high under the garage roof and is covered from the elements. There wasn’t even any wind at the time both of these cameras failed. I believe that they just failed from the weight of the camera itself which is pretty hefty since it’s dual camera’s in a metal housing. I have other Reolink cameras that I use at my property and they have been very reliable along with the ease of use of the app and client. Their bullet style and have a different mounting system and they have never failed even through the cold winters or hot summers.The 180 degree field of view is amazing and the main reason why I bought this camera. I wanted to be able to cover my entire garage and driveway with only one camera instead of two. The 4k resolution isn’t true 4k but it’s very close. The image stitching of both of the cameras are pretty good out of the box and not noticeable unless something comes up close to the camera where you can see the slight change in view as they pass from one camera to the other.As with all Reolink cameras I’ve had, the daytime performance is great but at nighttime it lacks. Even with the bit rate maxed there is still ghosting and noise in the video. If you’re expecting 4k video clarity at night you’ll be dissapointed.AI detection is good during the day but has issues at night. You have to play with the AI sensitivity and object delay to minimize false alerts but at the same time it makes it so the camera will miss a lot of things it should be alerting you about. The worst issue I had was with the vehicle AI detection at night. With parked cars in my driveway it would alert even though the cars were parked and not in motion. Only way I could stop this was turning down the sensitivity and increasing the delay, but then during the day it wouldn’t alert when a vehicle pulled up unless you manually increased the sensitivity and lowered the delay. It even failed to alert on a large delivery truck that pulled into my driveway that parked right next to my garage. Doing this manually everyday gets tiring and there is no schedule for turning up/down AI detection or motion delay. The only schedule you can set is the sensitivity of the general motion detection.Person detection is good to excellent during the day and lacking at night. The camera will even distinguish a person riding on a lawnmower or ATV. It was able to accurately alert for a person detection at 50ft during the day. Nighttime is very different though where it has issues even close up to the camera. I tested this many times with all other lights in the area on and off. Sometimes it will register as a person but most of the time you get registered as a pet or not at all. So I ended up maxing out the sensitivity on all 3 AI detection and motion detection, having it record all motion and AI detection's and then turning off alerts for motion and only alerting for AI person/pet/vehicle so even if it failed to alert on something at least it would always record it as the general motion detection is the most reliable.The color video at night is more of a gimmick in my opinion. It’s only good for things very close up and the spot light isn’t bright enough to make anything past 25ft show up in detail. You get allot more clarity/detail with just the IR along with not alerting people that you have a security camera there. The red IR led’s are not very noticeable at night unless you are close to the camera and know where to look otherwise you’ll not even know it’s there. I have no close neighbors and no other lights on in the area other than mine so if you’re next to people with other lights on maybe you’ll get better results.Pet detection is also good during the day but lacking at night. It’s able to detect our family dog running around the driveway and at night sometimes, but it does miss also at night. Birds and bugs will set off the pet detection especially at night. This doesn’t bother me as if you’ve ever had security camera’s you know how much of an issue bugs are at night with the IR.I upgraded the firmware on the camera with the Sep 2022 firmware update from Reolink. I still had the same issues with AI at night before/after the update.Live view loads up quickly and I’ve only had one time where it lagged a bit even though I was on my LAN. The WiFi version can just be connected with Ethernet also if you prefer or decide to do that later. Reolink doesn’t clearly state this. I never connected it to my NVR so can’t comment about that, or if it will work with POE with the Wifi version's Ethernet port.I watched every review video about the Duo 2 4k on Youtube that I could find before deciding to go with this camera, but none of those reviews actually give you a real world review of the camera by someone who has the camera for a period of time and actually uses it otherwise they would of brought up the same issues I had. I liked the camera even with the quirks with the AI and if the mount hadn’t failed two times in a row with two separate cameras I would of kept it and bought another. I’m just going to look for something that has a more reliable mounting option and maybe get a PTZ camera to just cover everything since there is no other 180 degree FOV camera that looks interesting to me.Hope this review helps anyone interested in this camera and Reolink fixes the issue with the plastic mount if they haven't already. I thought about just rigging my own metal mount and keeping the camera because the FOV is so nice but for the price you pay for this camera you'd expect a simple mount to never fail and something like this to be caught by quality control.