We have tried this combo Argus 3 Pro camera + solar panel from Reolink a couple of times before. Those two did not work well for us. But with some discount from Reolink, we tried again as its specs do impress us. This time, it works out much better, with several noticeable advantages over its competitors.PRO:1> The camera initial setup was simple with Reolink app from Google or Apple. Run the app, scan the barcode, provide wi-fi information and that was it, the camera is online and is ready for customized setup by user. Reolink stated that the camera can use either 2.4 ghz or 5 ghz channel. We did not try the 5 ghz.2> Wi-fi connection is solid. Better than other similar cameras we have tried.3> 2K video is great during the day, sunny or cloudy. Black & white at night. More about this later.4> Field of view is good. The camera can cover our entire front yard, plus complete coverage for our neighbors across the street. Reolink suggested mounting height 2-3 meters or 6 - 9 ft.5> The solar panel keeps the camera fully charged during the day, sunny and cloudy. So, there is no worry about electricity's cost and availability.6. In additional to the mobile app, there is a Windows Client app that can be used to provide additional settings and monitoring. Note that this app can only find the camera with its UID number.So, as far as the camera & the solar panel, we think that they should provide sufficient 24/7 security monitoring.CON:7> Somehow, night recording is not consistent. Hits & misses. Day recording is better, but we had to spend a great deal of times trying different sensitivity settings. Between LOW and MID, nothing triggers recording. Between MID and HIGH works. We tried different sensitivity settings and may continue to do so until it gets right.8> The hardware to mount the panel & the camera needs improvement. There is no way to secure without using a pair of pliers to tighten the plastic nuts. Even so, they still can be moved with a gentle push by hand.9> There is a MASK setting in Display menu. This blocks out areas (up to 3) from motion detection, but viewing is also affected. So, this feature is useless.10> There is no support by phone nor by online chat. For this reason, a number of fake websites provide telephone support and scam their customers. So, a friendly advise, DO NOT search for Reolink tech support phone number. Anything pops up would be a scammer. This was confirmed thru an email correspondence with Reolink. Tech support thru emails is fairly quick.NEUTRAL:11> The solar panel cable is quite long, which is good for most cases as it allows the panel to be at a good location for receiving solar power. But in our case, the panel & and the camera can be installed in the same place. So the length becomes a burden. Solar panel from some other manufacture has a groove built-in on the back side of the panel. This provides a place for the excess cable to wrap around it. Neat & tidy.As a conclusion, the Argus 3 Pro is a fine choice for home security. There are many many comparable others, but this camera combo is as good as the best of them. Recommended.