Let me start this by remarking that while I’ve been using Bluetooth earbuds since they came out, I only really have one set that is comparable to the linkbuds S, which is the Sennheiser CX plus buds I got a year ago. It’s a pretty even comparison from price and features (I got them both on sale).If you just care about good sound for music, call clarity, and comfort, then you might just love the Linkbuds S. If you care about features like transparent hearing mode, battery life, noise canceling, or app usability…I’d recommend that you keep looking.Sound: Even after taking pictures of my ears (awkward), testing tips for optimal ear pressure, and all the other things Sony wanted me to do, my CX plus buds out of the box sound better. 360 sound and app optimization was snake oil if you ask me. It is not a huge difference with most music, but I can really tell when listening to podcasts or audiobooks. The CX plus sound like the person is reading to you in a silent room, while the linkbuds sound no different than my 4 year old $30 generic buds. I even tried changing to the comply foam tips I use in all my buds, and while it usually improves things, I couldn’t tell the difference when using the linkbuds.Call Clarity/Singal: A tie here. Both have very clear call clarity on both ends. I had no problems with singals dropping in Bluetooth heavy areas, both had similar range, and I carry my phone in my front pocket and never had drops with either.Comfort/size: The Linkbuds S win this category by a massive margin. They are comfortable and conforming. So much so that this is the only aspect that gave me pause when returning them. This is where the foam tips usually come into play, but the linkbuds were just always comfortable regardless of the tips. MY CX plus buds get very uncomfortable after a couple hours which made me really appreciate the linkbuds in this regard.ANC/Transparency mode: A big nope on both. For Transparency mode, my CX plus buds might have me spoiled, but I love that mode because it sounds natural, but boosted. The linkbuds makes everything sound tinny, like I’m walking around with a really cheap mic in my hands. I don’t really use ANC, but using foam tips seemed to do more than the ANC on the linkbuds, and even with them I could still hear everything around me. In comparison, I don’t use the CX plus ANC because it works so well that I get paranoid about something possibly sneaking up on me.Battery life: Linkbuds S have a laughable battery life. With all the bells and whistles on I got about 2.25 hours, or 4 hours with everything off; both with the volume halfway. CX plus usually give me 6 with ANC on and 8 without at the same volume.APP/Features: Both the Linkbuds S and CX plus have wonky apps. Some stuff with both are a little fiddly. I am sure that’s probably true with most apps the way software is rushed out anymore. Both have things I don’t like. Linkbuds S I can have Transparency/ANC or one feature and off, but not all 3 even through there are open commands (maybe I’m doing something wrong here). The CX plus allows me to do all three. Multipoint is done the same way, but credit goes to the linkbuds here because I can change to different devices without having to have both buds out. The Linkbuds have a feature that, if activated, can pause audio and turn transparency on when you speak…nice, but it also activates when you cough, hum, or clear your throat which I apparently do constantly, so I ended up not liking this feature at all and kept it off.CXplus claim IPX7 to Linkbuds S’s IPX4. I’m not keen on testing either as I like my electronics dry.Linkbuds S have a smaller, more pocket friendly case, CX Plus has a case with more battery. Linkbuds have a slightly rough matte texture, CX Plus is shiny smooth plastic. Both are subjective and will come down to personal preference.I wish I had more buds to compare them to, but I’m cheap, so I don’t. Depending on what you’re after, these might be great for you (when on sale…a total rip at MSRP), but I returned them. Maybe the next generation will be better and I will be watching because they were pretty darn comfortable.