4/29/21 UpdateAfter conversing with a company rep and my own experiments, I discovered there are two flaws not previously described in my review. One flaw is related to 'sharing'. The other has to do with motion detection.I had installed the CloudEdge app on my phone when setting up the camera. After verifying the app and the camera work, I then 'shared' the camera with my wife where she has the app installed on her phone. The flaw is that when there is a motion event, if she is not the first to view the event, she will not be able to see the motion event footage on her phone at all. In other words, if I view a motion event on my phone before she does, she cannot view the motion event as the alert message, along with motion event footage, simply vanish from her phone as if nothing had occurred. This peculiar 'feature' had been confirmed by not only the company rep of ieGeek, but also by the company rep of the other manufacturer of a very similar camera. Both cameras utilize the CloudEdge app. Both reps explained the 'logic' behind this 'feature' but the explanation rings hollow. My family members each has a phone app installed on their respective phones with access to the wired security cameras at our home. They all receive motion event alerts and are able to view motion event footages on their phones regardless of who views any given event first. The fact that I can see motion event footages on my phone proves that the footages are stored and available for retrieval. There is no justifiable reason an arbitrary order of event retrieval should impact whether or not a particular user can view motion event footages. Having worked as a software engineer for years, it is clear that this flaw is the result of lack of critical thinking, proper use case analysis, or a combination of the above, on the team responsible for this 'feature'.The other flaw is that motion sensing does not work continuously even with the 'alarm interval' set to 'off', which supposedly instructs the camera to continuously monitor and send motion event alerts without resting a selected interval of either 2, 5, or 10 minutes. I chose to do so due to the recording limit of no more than 30 seconds per motion event. The idea being if an intruder is breaking in and takes longer than 30 seconds to do so, I'd like to have a record of the entire act, instead of just bits and pieces. I deliberately 'loitered' around in my own yard within the effective motion sensing range of the camera. Unfortunately, it is entirely arbitrary when the camera decides to pick up motion event even though I had triggered such alert from time to time within the experiment period. The one positive is that the alert interval could be shorter than the minimum 2 minutes but there was also a duration longer than 2 minutes when there was no alert even though I was still in range and moving. This flaw again appears to be a design decision in the camera firmware, the app, or both that could easily be remediated. I purchase security cameras with the intent of monitoring and recording events that warrant recording. When such events occur, I want as much footage as possible. Conserving battery should be a secondary, rather than primary, concern when deciding what features the combination of the camera and the app should provide.There are a couple of confusing features that I consider idiosyncrasies rather than flaws. I am sharing here just so others who consider this camera know what they are in for. The app provides two different settings for accomplishing the same objective. There is the option 'Alarm Interval' within the 'Motion Detection' section with selections of 'off', '2 minutes', '5 minutes', or '10 minutes'. There is also the option 'Shooting Interval' within the 'Power Saving Settings' section with the same four time duration selections. Both of these options instructs the camera how long to 'rest', with the main goal of battery conservation, between active motion sensing. Fortunately making a selection in one option automatically 'synchronizes' the selection in the other option to the same value. Why the team decides to increase development work for no apparent benefit, yet add confusion for users, is beyond me.The other such idiosyncrasy is the option 'Maximum Shooting Time' within the 'Power Saving Settings' section versus the 'Recording Time' within the 'Recording Management' section. Both option instructs the camera how long a motion event recording can be. Again, making a selection in one option automatically 'synchronizes' the selection in the other option to the same value.In summary, despite such shortcomings, I intend to keep the camera unless it stops working after a while. That said, there is no chance that I would uprate this camera unless the manufacturer is able to overcome the shortcomings with release(s) of updated firmware, app, or both. From my recent foray into comparing solar powered security cameras, it appears what this camera is capable of is state of the art at this point in time. I will circle back in a couple of years to reevaluate.4/27/21 UpdateAfter a few rounds of back and forth email exchanges with a company rep, I finally received a replacement camera. The replacement camera works without the show stopping issue I experienced with the previous camera as described in my earlier review.The rep asked if I could upgrade my rating. After reviewing the shortcomings I listed below, I cannot bring myself to justify the action of adding more stars. If the company is willing and able to update the firmware, the app, or both such that some of the shortcomings, as listed here in order of importance to me, are addressed, I will be more than happy to uprate this camera.• Improve range of motion sensing coverage• Enable user adjustment of recording length to up to three minutes• Enable saving and sharing of motion event footages on a phone or an FTP server• Provide a desktop computer app to access the cameraThere are a few options in the app that I cannot figure out what they are for so I expect more back and forth with a company rep.There is another potential con in that the user who shares access to a camera does not receive motion event notification. Only the first user whose phone is used to set up a camera receives motion event notifications. I will update my review if and when there is a resolution.*********************************************************************************************************************************I had installed a few wired security cameras at my home several years ago. One had to be replaced due to improper weather sealing. They all continue to work. In addition to having motion sensing on, I also have them record 24x7 just in case any motion event footage is not long enough for whatever reason. A few years back I had looked into solar powered security cameras but the technologies were not quite ready for prime time. Recently I decided to see if the field has advanced since then. Based on what I can see on Amazon, there are now a lot more choices.So far I have installed one of this model. For comparison, I purchased another camera, that costs the same, from a different brand even though the two cameras look identical, except for color and the logo, and both use the CloudEdge app. What is interesting is that even the packaging are identical. I have only had these two cameras for a couple of days.There is a potentially show stopper issue with this camera where the issue renders the camera useless for the purpose of monitoring an area of my home. The issue is that the camera does not recognize the microSD card within it. The camera recognized the microSD card for a very short while when I was testing the motion detection feature. I was able to get into the History section and saw motion event footages. However, after perhaps a few minutes, the camera no longer recognizes the microSD card as the app indicates 'no SD card' when I switched to the 'History' section even though the card was recognized just a few minutes ago. The other camera mentioned above has no such issue.When this situation occurred the first time, I pulled the microSD card and reformatted it on my desktop PC. Unfortunately, the same situation occurred after I inserted the formatted microSD card into the camera where the camera recognized the microSD card for a few minutes, enough to record a couple of motion events and then the camera again stopped recognizing the microSD card. I also reset the camera a couple of times, each time the camera did not recognize the microSD card. In fact, the camera got worse over time as now it does not recognize the microSD card at all. During the first two times as stated previously, I was able to see footages in the History section for a few minutes. Now as soon as I switched to the History section, the app indicates 'no SD card'. After the first two resets, now the camera simply does not recognize the microSD card at all, i.e., there is no grace period of recognizing the card for a few minutes before stopping the recognition.I know the microSD card is fully functional as it was purchased just over a week ago. I used the card in another security camera for two days with no issue. That other security camera has no trouble recognizing and recording on the microSD card. The firmware of the camera is the latest as per the app. Incidentally, the other camera mentioned above, that works with no issue, has the same firmware version.I have an email into support. I will update this review if and when there is a resolution.Time will tell how reliable these cameras are long term. Below are the pros and cons of how this model fits my situation. I chose to use local storage instead of using cloud storage to store motion event footages. As such, my comments with respect to retrieving footages pertain to that usage scenario.Pros:- Fairly well designed hardware where it feels solid and there is no obvious spot for water to get in. For example, the vent and access panel to the switches as well as microSD card slot are at the bottom. The access panel cover is rubber and the seam between the rubber and the slot for microUSB, the incoming cable end from the solar panel, is tight. The solar panel appears to have very little seam.- Easy to pair with the CloudEdge app- The CloudEdge app is fairly decent with useful features as compared to other similar security camera apps I had used. There are some shortcomings as noted in the cons section. This app is also used by other camera brands so the pros and cons of this app are not necessarily a representation of the capability of this camera manufacturer. That said, selecting a decent app by this manufacturer can be attributed as a plus nonetheless.- The 'Alarm Message' section shows a 'Play Video' icon on the left and a photo on the right for every motion event. Clicking on the 'Play Video 'icon takes me to the pertinent footage in the 'History' section, when this feature worked. This is a nice feature. I had recently purchased and returned two other solar powered cameras where the accompanying apps have no such feature and there is no search either so it is a pain to find motion event footage after the fact with those cameras. Being able to click to see pertinent event footages is a major time saver. Clicking on the photo takes me to a section showing all photos although each event there are only two photos and a high percentage of the event photos do not show me, as a stand in of an intruder, in them. The videos, while there is a delay as commented in the cons section below, do show me in them.- There are two antennas. This advantage cannot be overstated. I had purchased other solar powered cameras recently with no external antennas. This camera can be awaken within ten seconds, often quicker, and there has not been any issue with accessing the camera so far, other than the aforementioned issue. I cannot say the same with the cameras without external antennas.- Camera is as advertised as having a 130 degree angle, horizontally. This angle is measured with the camera dome facing the sky. I had purchased and returned another solar powered camera where the manufacturer claims an angle that is actually not supported. See my comments, however, on motion detection below.- Decent motion detection. My wired cameras are too sensitive to shadows on the ground caused by breeze swaying tree branches whereas this model is not as sensitive. On the other hand, it picks up human movement in the monitored area every time. That said, the angle of detection is not as wide as the camera angle. Judging from my experiments, I'd say the detection angle, horizontally, is about 90. Furthermore, while the camera shows clear images within 40 feet during day time, it can only detect motion no more than 25 feet away. While the camera is better than my wired cameras in terms of being not as sensitive, today is windy and its motion detection alerted me a few times in a one hour window when there is no human movement in the footages. Apparently swaying tree branches would still confuse the motion detector.- Motion sensing can be time controlled. There is an 'Alert Plan' feature where I can set the time period when motion sensing is activated. As I have the camera monitor my backyard, being able to set it to monitor during night hours when my family is not active outdoors is definitely a plus. If the house is vacant, say while my family is away for a while, the plan can be turned off thus turning the monitoring to 24x7.- Decent image quality (day and night). The night vision range is claimed to be 20M (65 ft). Based on what I can see, the night vision range is about 35 ft although it is much better than the other cameras I have, wired or solar powered, and sufficient for my use.- Allow viewing of footages stored in the microSD card on my phone. I can also do so when I'm not at home which is critical and not a feature to be taken for granted. The camera came without activation of cloud storage and it works, except the potentially showstopper issue noted above, without needing cloud storage subscription even though there is a seven day free trial.- The footages are stored as MP4s on the microSD card. I found out about this while troubleshooting the potentially showstopper issue as I pulled the microSD card and checked its content on my desktop PC before reformatting it. The other solar powered cameras I had store footages as raw files which I have no way of viewing. This can serve as a workaround, albeit an inconvinient one, to the cons of not being able to access the camera via a desktop PC or download footages.- Sharing the camera with others is easy. I can choose to share view only or full control of the camera.- Ability to take live photo, video, or both. Once the camera is awaken via my phone, I can take photos and videos that are stored on the microSD card. This could be useful if after a motion event I tap into the camera in time to catch an ongoing intrusion in the monitored area. This feature enables the camera to exceed any previously selected limit on recording length.- Staying charged. I live in southern California so this may not be true for those who don't get plenty of sunshine. I have the camera charged overnight before installing it outdoors.Cons- The length of motion event recording can be set to 10, 20, or 30 seconds. 30 seconds is not quite long enough. There is an option to set 'alarm interval' to 2, 5, or 10 minutes. I tried various time lengths in this option and there is no apparent effect on the frequency or length of the recordings. The User Manual has no explanation of how the alarm interval is supposed to work. One workaround is to use the Live Recording feature as described above although that is fruitless if I do not check in immediately after a motion event alert.- Separate solar panel. I had purchased cameras where the solar panel is integrated. Not having to figure out where to place or hide the long wire typically supplied when solar panel is separated is advantageous. For others who need to place the camera at a location not having direct exposure to sunlight having a separate solar panel could be an advantage. To me, having to install the bracket to house the solar panel and having to deal with a long cable even though the solar panel is right next to the camera are definitely disadvantages. There is also the less pleasing aesthetic as compared to integrated solar panel. An improvement would be for the camera to have a mount for the solar panel directly on the camera and, when mounted this way, does not require additional cable. Doing so, of course, would increase the cost of the camera and it is a price I am willing to pay. That said, I am not certain the size of the market for such an option is worthwhile for the manufacturer to pursue.- Night vision range is not as advertised. See my pertinent comments earlier.- Motion sensing coverage is limited. See my pertinent comments earlier.- There is a delay, which is about 2 to 3 seconds, in capturing photos and videos after a motion event. This is common to all solar powered security cameras I tried recently. There is a bit of delay even with the wired cameras I have. It is just the nature of the beast that it takes time for the recordings to start once a motion is detected. The delay is more prominent in solar powered security cameras as they are designed to conserve power. As such, they do not wake up as quickly as wired cameras in my experience.- There's a delay for the app to show there is the presence of motion event footages after the camera is awaken if I go check shortly, say within five minutes, after a motion event alert. The app shows a continuous timeline with motion event footages shown as blocks of time. It appears whenever I go in to check before the app and the camera complete their "handshake", the app is not ready to show the information. The cameras show WIFI signal is strong so that was ruled out as the cause of delay.- There is no desktop PC or Mac, for that matter, app to access the camera. The only access is via the CloudEdge app. My wired cameras can be accessed via mobile apps or desktop apps.- No way to download motion event footages to a phone or save footages to a DVR/computer. The event photos can be shared although most of the photos do not show the intrusion subject.- Doesn't work when the WIFI the camera is connected to doesn't have Internet connection. I recognize WIFI needs to function for access to the camera. I am referring to the fact that the camera fails to recognize motion when the WIFI it is connected to does not have Internet connection. I disconnected my router from the cable modem when I conducted the pertinent test.In conclusion, I would keep this camera unless the potentially showstopper issue cannot be resolved. I had looked into several other solar powered security cameras, with reading reviews and exchanging messages with respective manufacturers, during the process of settling on this model. I also purchased, installed, and returned two solar powered camera models from other manufacturers. It appears most, if not all, solar powered security cameras on the market today do not support 24x7 recording to conserve power. It also appears the vast majority of them are geared toward cloud storage. As such, consumers like me who prefer to have local storage of footage must deal with the quirks and idiosyncrasies of being in the minority. Being in the minority means the manufacturers' attention would likely focus on providing improvements on cloud storage related features. I hope I'm proven wrong and this manufacturer is willing and able to invest to improve the app to rectify the shortcomings noted in this review.