Like all Canon cameras picture quality was great. However the accessories package was very cheep, and I wouldn’t waste the extra money on. I’m using my camera for product shots for my online store, as well as some video content for social media etc. But my current needs are fairly basic, and not complex.Full disclosure, I ultimately returned this camera for the Canon eso Mark ii M50. And it might be useful for someone who’s on the fence to hear why. So here’s my reasons:Rebel T7 Camera is large & heavy. The M50 mark ii is mirrorless, and therefore is more compact & lighter weight. I would have been ok with the extra weight/size, however after testing the M50 Mark ii, the rebel t7 seemed like an ancient dinosaur. The Mark ii m50 is more expensive of course, but it’s got so much more to offer, and I could see growing with this camera, whereas I would be fairly limited with the rebel t7.Here’s a few options the rebel doesn’t have that the mark ii M50 DOES have:No input for an external mic (you could purchase a device to record your audio, but would need to do some work in after effects to combine picture/audio. I’m not interested in an additional step so this was a no for me.No articulating touch screen. Initially this didn’t bother me, but there are so many things the mark ii m50 does using touch screen (I don’t even know all of what it can do just yet) and after trying it, the rebel t7 just seemed so outdated. The articulating screen allows you to flip forward or up at an angle great for recording social media content. Screen also shows you exactly what your picture is capturing. The mark ii m50 also has a view finder which I still prefer when shooting photos (I’m old school I know). As a side note, I chose the M50 over the eos M200 because of the viewfinder (among other features). But I won’t get into all that as I didn’t try the M200 in person.Video quality is not 4K. Only high def. Again initially I didn’t mind this because I’m not currently not doing much video, but should I want to in the future- it seemed like a no brainer to have the upgrade to 4K.Picture quality - so far I would say they both take beautiful shots. The Mark ii m50 has built in photo filters (like what you would find on Instagram) & easy adjustments on the touch screen for light / contrast / exposure etc etc. the touch screen shows you images of what these features do, so as someone who is a novice at photographing I appreciate the example. The M50 mark ii also has manual features that you would find on traditional dslr cameras, so again this camera will be great for me to grow with as I learn how to achieve more impactful images using the manual features.These are just a few main reasons why this rebel T7 camera didn’t work out for me. Even after reading other reviews that explained what this camera was lacking it was hard for me to imagine until I held & compared the two. I hope my notes might help you decide for yourself.