I bought this because I really wanted my first camera, but I didn't really know where to start, and as a young person living on my own working for pennies, my budget is tight.The camera:I love. I love, love, love, but- is very basic. I would like to upgrade soon, it's not in the cards for now, maybe in the next two years after I learn how to make the most of it, which is why I really got it.The canon lens it comes with is perfect to start out with, but soon you'll want a wide angle lens and a zoom. I just got a 75-300 mm lens and it's the business, I absolutely love it. But you give a mouse a cookie and I'm gonna want a $2K lens later. IF YOU'RE buying a kit like this, peak around and buy the one with this camera, but with the standard and zoom. You'll want it.The kit.Buy it all separately to your individual tastes. One of the reasons I bought this kit was because I was in a rush. If you're like "I'm leaving the country in 3 days and I need a camera, what am I going to do??". Buy a camera, a bag, a cleaner kit and take off.I haven't used half the stuff in the kit as I like to shoot more spontaneously, but I'm sure it's useful to some. I did really dig the extra SD cards and battery+battery charger. Those are worth the investment.Plus, one of the lense attachments came broken, and I didn't realize until I was tearing into this pack in the passenger seat on the way to Joshua Tree. I asked if I could have the single item replaced and they said no, and I just gave up because I'd already gotten attached to my camera in a short amount of time and didn't want to pack up 87 lil doodads and ship it back.I'd also recommended an entirely different camera bag if you're a hiker. This one is good and keeps your camera safe, but is cumbersome and doesn't fit in my go-to hiking backpack.There are a lot of pros and a lot of cons. I'm happy I got it and I'm grateful that I've gotten to explore these different tools, and I now feel a lot more confident when I really didn't know butt from my elbow when it comes to cameras, but now that I've done it, on my budget and time, I would've taken more time and bought myself things slowly and at my individual tastes. And better quality for a few things, but most are pretty good. But I know my taste a lot better now!TL:DRI've had a great time with it, but if you're committed to learning photography, get different tools as you need them.My biggest piece of advice is GET YOURSELF A CAMERA. GET IT.You owe it to yourself! It took me so long to commit to buying one, I'm on a really tight budget and it was hard to justify spending money not needed for survival, but you gotta feed your soul, too, and cameras really do.