It has been almost seven months with these earbuds.Unfortunately I have not had the best experience. Namely, it’s always either been the left or right side earbud that 1. Went completely out, unable to hold a charge, 2. Can’t play as loud as the other side.The issue can be felt and it’s frustrating to deal with. Even if you buy Amazon protection, it doesn’t kick in for at least a year. And working with sennhaiser directly has been very robotic. Very little human interaction.I will give them kudos though; every claim I have submitted has been met with product replacement. But they don’t tell you what the issue was, any repair attempts. Anything. And I’m assuming the product I get back is a refurbished pair, not brand new.The biggest hassle is shipping. If something goes wrong, you are forced to pay 1 way of shipping for sending the product out to their Connecticut office. Very little updates or shipping updates. I have gone through 3 replacements, which is almost 50$ - - almost 25% of the original products value. And I’m still running into issues.Will be working towards asking for full refund from the manufacturer. Or, I might consider selling these on the second hand market to at least recoup some cash from the whole ordeal. We’ll see.I have ordered the XM1000 from Sony to see if there is any noticeable difference. But we’ll have to wait and see.The sound quality for the compact size of the TW3s is great. Punchy bass. Mid range is heard. Wonderful overall. It’s just my personal experience, with hardware issues, and dealing with warranties, 3 claims, 3 shipping charges, that I can’t give the product the 5/5 it deserves.If you don’t ever have to deal with what I did and they work for at least 2-3 years before running into these issues I would give it 4/5 if you paid 270$ retail. If it lasts at least 4-5 years without issues I would give it 5/5.In my case since I ultimately gave up on the products shortcomings and lost more money on shipping without the problem resolved, and I ran into issues less than 1 year of product life, I have to give it a 3/5.My advice would be, wait for the product to go on sale. Buy brand new. And if 270$ is not a lot of money for you then by all means try this product and if you have no issues with it it will be money well spent.