Update to review after messing with these lights: I like them, but they’re almost an inconvenience because of the power they need via USB port. Each light needs 5watts or 2amps of power, most USB adapters that have multiple USB ports share their wattage. So if it’s a 3amp plug with 2 ports it’s 1.5amp per port. I don’t have much plug space to spare so I decided I needed to buy a surge protector extension cord with multiple ports, most of them also share wattage between USB ports if they’re included. So I had to go out and buy a specialty port for these lights that also accommodated everything else I needed plugged into my desk and it’s been a bit frustrating. I had to buy a 10amp multi USB port because I didn’t want to have to go out and buy multiple adapter blocks for these lights, the other usb items I had plugged in, and then also a surge protector extension cord.Okay so, these lights are pretty dope and extremely bright. Overall I like them. I needed some lighting to light up my desk as I record my work progress for my small business but since I work on a glass surface on my desk, my current light I have directly above my work surface reflects really bad over my work. So I needed something that I could set to the side of my desk that would still light things up without being close to the glass and causing a weird reflection. My surface behind the glass is black so a big white light reflecting on it is pretty stark. My main con with these lights is that there is no warm tone/warm&cool combined setting. They are superrrr cool toned LEDs. Originally when I bought them I thought the colored films that came with them would have a peach tone film(or wouldn’t be as potent of a color as they are) to make a false warm tone, but alas they did not. The films are very handy for needing colored light without buying rgb lighting. You can overlap them to make secondary colors as well like I showed with the red and yellow. You need to have the white diffuser cover with the films or else the led lights are very obvious through the films like in my last picture. The only issue with this is with the plastic cover and two films it’s a little tight fitting all three in. The cord for the light is pretty decently long which could be a pro or a con depending on who you are and how much space you have to bundle cords in. All photos are in full brightness but the lowest setting is pretty low too if you need light but not blinding light. The little extendo arm is helpful too, adds about an extra four inches to the height. The films show finger smudges so try not to touch them with semi dirty or oily hands (like moisturized hands) or have lint free wipes close by if smudges bother you.First photo: just the clear diffuser coverSecond photo: diffuser and yellow filmThird photo: diffuser, red film, and yellow filmFourth photo: diffuser and blue filmFifth photo: red film no diffuser