I was going back and forth between Sony WH-1000XM5 (XM5) and these headphones (SM4), and I decided to give these a shot since at the time of this purchase, I was able to get these for $279.83 before taxes while the XM5 are listed at ~$400 before taxes.On paper, the SM4 sounded great, double the battery life, supposedly better sound quality, and a not-so-shabby noise cancelling.However, after trying them for a week, I decided to return them. I will list the pros and cons below.PROS1. Long battery life – I only charged it once during the whole week and it was still going strong.2. Very solid construction – premium materials that feel good to the touch.3. Pretty nice carrying case – feels solid and durable, and you don't need to fold the headphones when you put it in so it's simpler to stow in case. BUT I have to reset the positions of the earcups to fit into case, which means I have to always re-adjust to my head size before putting it on.4. Great sound – I'm not an audiophile, but it sounded good. A friend said he picked up on more chords behind a Taylor Swift song that he hasn't heard before (he listens to Taylor Swift 24/7).5. Sleek design – unlike the SM3, the SM4 has design that I like: minimalistic and modern.CONS1. Subpar app-headphone interface – the app is glitchy, and I find myself wait around 10 seconds for the app to say "connected" to the headphones (even though the headphones are connected to my iPhone via Bluetooth); after which point, I can go in and change some settings. Also, I did have some stutters in the app that gave me an overall feel of unpolished.2. Too heavy and too much clamping force – on paper, the weight and clamping force differs by 0.1-ish, but from trying out my friends' XM5s and my SM4, I feel a pretty noticeable difference in how hefty the headphones feel on my head. Simply put, SM4 feels tight on my head and XM5 feels like I can forget that I’m wearing them after a while—this is personal preference, but personally, SM4 felt less comfortable and a tad too heavy for long study sessions.3. Headache-inducing noise cancelling – the noise cancel isn't as good as the XM5 indeed, but I think there is a bigger problem: the noise cancelling feels peculiarly headache-y. I have airpod pros, plus I have tried the XM5s, and I have to say, the SM4's noise cancelling is by far my least favorite. If I were to describe it, I would say it feels like the feeling I get from being on an airplane for 5+ hours with headphones on. All in all, I opted to have no noise cancelling on due to this uncomfortable feeling it gives me.4. Touch control – the touch control is pretty responsive, but even if I touch the very edge of the earcups, it registers as a gesture, which gets annoying when I'm trying to adjust my headphones or taking them off for a second. After a few days, I almost wanted to turn them off. ALSO, XM5's cupping gesture to activate transparency mode is extremely desirable, especially since I'm a college student who finds myself studying with my friends a lot. AND the SM4 does not have a gesture to turn off noise cancelling; I have to either pinch in/out multiple times or go into the app and adjust the slider, and it gets very annoying quick.If you have read this far, I applaud your diligence to find the best headphones for you. Personally, I have ordered the XM5 and I will try it on and probably keep it. BUT, an advise for you if you are like me. I dug through the internet and have looked at countless written, video, and professional reviews of so many headphones, but I have to say, it all comes down to personal preference. You MUST go to a Best Buy, where they have headphones on racks that you can try on for yourself. Also, don’t be afraid to order them on amazon and try it out for a week and return them and move onto the next one. Amazon’s return policy is pretty good and if you use the headphones with care and keep the packaging that the headphones came in, you can most likely return them for free. I hope you find the right pair of headphones for yourself, reader.