I've been a fan of Sennheiser headphones for years and I have several other wired headphones from them that I've used for years as well. After reading up on the current wireless headphone offerings from various companies I decided to buy these since I already trusted the brand and the reviews were shining.I'm an audiophile hobbyist with a large head that makes most headphones become uncomfortable after a short amount of time being worn. I also have small ears and most in-ear headphones either don't fit at all or slip out within the first 10 minutes. I have some Airpod Pros that I sometimes use, but these also slip out from my ears constantly. The Sennheiser Momentum 4's fit better than a lot of headphones I've had, however after about 30 minutes of use, they become uncomfortable for me. If they just extended out a little further I don't think that would be an issue, but they don't. I wish more headphone companies made their headphones with greater expandable options, but oh well. If you're reading this and also had the large-head problem, I have a pair of AKG K 702as that I've used for a decade and they're very comfortable.The comfort is not the main issue though. It's the software to manage the headphones, and also the software/firmware on the headphones themselves. It has trouble connecting to the headphones consistently. The headphones also would frequently (and randomly) disconnect while listening to music on my iPhone. It was incredibly frustrating, and after reading through some forums I found that it was due to more than one device being in the headphones "Devices" list (my wife tried these on her phone at one point). Even though the other device was not actively trying to connect and even had Bluetooth completely off, the issue was happening a lot. Once I removed the 2nd device through the app, the connectivity issues went away.That is not my main complaint with the headphones though. The ANC cannot be turned off. You can adjust it to your hearts content from full blast ANC to full transparency, but ANC is on at all times. That's not necessarily a deal breaker, but for some reason the ANC on these cans gave me instant headaches. I tried researching why this could be happening and how to reduce this, and since these headphones have some adaptive ANC capabilities I tried listening outside, in an empty room, in a car, downtown, etc. - and it always gave me a headache.If the app let you disable ANC entirely I would have gladly kept them. The sound is fantastic, especially for the price. The bass is very rich, the mids are clean and the highs are crisp without being shrill. The soundstage is extremely impressive given these are closed back. I would have thought these cost at least twice what they do on the sound alone. The battery is also super impressive, these lasted almost two weeks of daily use before I had to charge them.Sennheiser is a sound company, not a software company. If they are going to force managing features of their headphone into an app, they really need to build out the app better and have options as simple as turning on/off ANC. While I'm all for new technology and software (I work as a software engineer), I'm more old-school with devices like this specifically for this reason. If these cans had a few actual buttons or switches to toggle ANC and some other basic features instead of relying on an app and swipe gestures, I'd keep them forever.