I drive for a living, and hands free is a must; but I neither wanted something big and bulky like most "trucker" style headsets, nor did I want to pay a lot for something like a BlueParrot or Plantronics which have (relatively) mediocre battery life, no charging cases (or are absurdly priced extras). This seemed like the "best of the rest" in that it has a charging case, isn't overly bulky and far more reasonably priced, and has USB-C charging. I can have it in for 8-12 hours and still not need to recharge it (playing music about 75% of that time, a few shortish calls and the rest idle). The charging case can easily last me a week between charges though I usually top it up every couple of days just in case I forget. In other words the battery life is amazing. In comparison, I have a pair of Sony ear pods with a charging case (YF-XB700's specifically) and they last only 4-6 hours of playback with maybe 2-1/2 charges from the case. I have not timed how long either the headset takes to charge; but from ~50% capacity on the case it was full again within a couple hours. For reference I've used it about 22 hours this week and the case is only down to 84% charge.The sound quality is....adequate. Definitely below that of my Sony's but those are *meant* for music, but it's definitely above a lot of budget cans; even without accounting for the fact that it's a single-ear unit. In other words, if you're like me and can only have one-ear "occupied" it's definitely good enough. When it comes to calls I can hear people easily even in a loud environment (eg right next to a large diesel engine); and people seem to be able to hear me clearly as well (or at least, nobody has made any complaints or asked me to repeat myself). Honestly *for me* it's better than holding up the actual phone to my ear. I can't comment on any claims to noise-canceling though. I'm not saying it doesn't exist but with it being only a single-ear device I can't personally notice any.The product info lists that you can be connected to two devices simultaneously. I have not tested this but will say it connects to my phone faster than I can put it on; and if I walk too far away and it disconnects, the reconnection is virtually instantaneous when I get back in range. I've never had to manually reconnect it or had any issues of it dropping connection when it shouldn't. The product images claim 33 ft range, but real-world I'd say closer to 60-100 depending on what's between you and your phone or nearby interference. I personally have never lost connection while closer than ~50ft even when there's a bunch of metal and an engine block between me and my phone.The controls are....interesting. You have the main button on the "outside"; which acts as your power button, call accept / end and voice assistant (the last only when you're not on a call / have music playing). There is a single button which acts as a mute (have not used) and a pair of buttons which are your vol+/- and when long-pressed track advance / reverse. The latter buttons are where things are slightly weird. The Vol + button when long pressed gives you....track reverse. Intuitively you would expect it to skip forward. Not a big deal but takes some getting used to.The ear loop itself is a minor con. It's comfortable enough but it's size and shape make wearing any kind of eye-wear awkward. You get used to it, but expect your glasses / sunglasses to be slightly lopsided as a result.Now for it's biggest con. When I first got it, I was wearing it in my (preferred) left ear. No matter what I did it HURT after just a few minutes. I'm talking genuine pain and bruising even the next day, and that's not something I've experienced with any other headset or earbud. Tried all of the different squishy caps, extending the ear-loop in and out (the whole 2-3mm it moves); rotating the ear nub up and down etc. Nothing worked and I was on the verge of returning it; but couldn't wait for a different brand to be delivered so I opted to try and "rest" my left ear by wearing it in my right. I don't know if it's because my ears are shaped differently from each other or if the device itself just doesn't "adjust" as much as it should to fit on the left but I haven't had a single problem since swapping to my right side. No discomfort at all, even after 12+ hours. Long story short I've now had this set for around a month, wearing it 60+ hours a week and I'm happy. I would be *happier* if I could wear it on my left but I'm not about to pay 2-3x more just to try a different brand.I've given it an overall of 3 stars, but realistically I would probably give it 3-1/2. It would be a solid 4+ if wearing it on my left side didn't cause such significant pain and the other minor issues addressed.