I am blown away by the incredible sharpness of this “Sony 16-35mm F2.8 GM” lens! I originally bought Sony’s 24-105 F4 G lens as my all purpose go-to lens. And, I can’t complain about its utility or function.However, a number of landscape photographers recommended the 16-35 GM lens as one everyone should consider. I put it on my Amazon wishlist and watched and waited. An incredible “like new” deal in the warehouse pushed me over the edge and I ordered the lens. What an amazing lens! The few test shots I took and compared to those taken of the same scene with my other lens are so much sharper that it makes me think I should use this one exclusively.Yes, this is an expensive lens, but worth every penny whether you are a professional or just a hobbyist as I am.UPDATE: Sony 24 - 70mm F2.8 GM is fabulous, too. I now use it for my go-to lens and for most photos with the exception of distance shots. This lens has the same degree of sharpness and color accuracy as the 16-35mm. You will not be disappointed.UPDATE #2: I wanted a lens with longer focal lengths and have been so pleased with the two G Master lenses I purchased from Amazon that I jumped when I saw they had the Sony 70-200mm F2.8 GM OSS II available. Unfortunately, I was hugely disappointed with its performance on my Sony a7R IVa camera. The autofocus was sluggish at best. With the exception of the longest focal length, the corners of the photos were blurred and the color, even at F8 and higher was not realistic. Trees are not celery green. I double checked to determine whether it was my camera, but color on my other lenses was realistic and looked like the real subjects. Specs show this lens can take sharp photos as close as 18", but I found this applicable only at the 70mm focal length; other focal lengths required a 36" distance to produce sharp photos. There were no instructions or information in English included in the lens I got. Because I purchased from a Sony authorized seller, I assume the lens I received would be one authorized for the US and would contain English instructions. The one positive is that the photos I took of flowers at F2.8 had a beautiful bokah effect. Perhaps I received a defective lens, but I am not willing to keep this one and returned it to Amazon.UPDATE #3 - Tried my second Sony FE 70-200mm F2.8 G Master II which I purchased directly from Sony. This one was worse than the first. There were a number of large, black spots on all the photos. I double checked by putting another lens on the camera and there were no spots. Even on f/16, colors were desaturated and there were areas where the photos were “blown out”. I will be returning this lens to Sony and will be reluctant to try another of this model.