Conceptually, this is a good idea, but in reality, I've found it very fiddly. I am not going to call it garbage, because it's not. It's engineered pretty well.This review is of the "Big" version, not the standard one, but I suspect most of what I'm going to say applies to the standard one as well.Mine came with a double sided set of instructions/illustrations in color, and one of the very important bits of instruction was to move the phone cradle attachment to the OTHER screw port to work around the problem of the clamp pressing buttons on my large Samsung S21 Ultra, as well as better accommodating the fact that various phones have the cameras on different edges (right/left). For example, the iPhone X has the single camera on the right, while the Samsung S21 has 3 lenses in a row on the upper left, and one offset toward the middle.For the S21 (and I suspect for any other multi-lens cell phone cameras), you really can't use the camera very well unless you use "Pro" mode. Otherwise the phone keeps trying to switch between lenses. I found you also need to use the middle lens (camera) on the left in 3x mode. More on that in a moment.But there are some things about the design that make this more fiddly than it should be.1. For most phones, especially large phones, the clamp has a flat edge, and doesn't contact much of the phone. This means it's easy to "pitch" the phone in a way that leaves in not parallel to the eyepiece clamp. If it had a V or U shape it would help to keep the phone perpendicular. One of my other phone clamps (Neewer) has that design - as well as a deeper clamp. Unfortunately my Neewer clamp doesn't mate well with the Gosky or I'd have a better rig.2. Tolerances in lining up with many eyepieces are tiny. That means you really need the ability to do fine adjustments up/down left and right. With this device you really have only two coarse manual adjustments... by loosening the back knob you can slide the phone clamp portion up/down and rotate it left/right. But you'll have to do both while ALSO making sure the phone stays perpendicular to the eyepiece. A more precise way to make those adjustments would be preferable.3. The eyepiece clamp itself is "backward". By that I mean if you attach it onto a smaller (or larger) eyepiece, the way the clamp works moves the phone camera and you have to fiddle with all the other settings: phone location in the clamp, back screw adjustment and the phone perpendicularity when you change from one eyepiece to another. If the eyepiece clamp adjusted in a way that the phone camera remained in the middle of the clamp, it would be less fiddly.Mechanically what was done here is simpler, but after going through the trouble of attaching to my phone to astronomy binoculars, I gave up in frustration trying to attach it to my telescope (with it's larger eyepiece). If instead the eyepiece clamp was made so that tightening it didn't change where the center of the phone camera was, that would be much simpler.Lastly, if the phone clamp portion was on a slide rail that allowed you to adjust the phone clamp left and right relative to the eyepiece clamp, you wouldn't end up having to pitch the phone at odd angles to get everything lined up. I'm well aware that all those extra adjustments I wish were present would make this apparatus heavier and more complex. The last problem you will face is making the eyepiece clamp secure and perpendicular to the eyepiece. I had particular problems with that. Again, part of the problem is that with all the fiddling you have to do to get the camera lined up with the eyepiece, you also have to fiddle to make the phone perpendicular, and the eyepiece clamp perpendicular as well.By the way, I chose not to try to use this except with my S21 Ultra in the otter box case - what's the point in having a drop resistant case if you have to remove the phone from the case to use this. At maximum clamp opening size, it's a tight squeeze to get the phone seated.Final tips, not about the clamp, but about using it with an S21 Ultra...* Align with the center left lens.* You really need to take photos in the camera/video Pro mode. Otherwise it wants to keep switching between lenses.* You can set auto ISO, Auto exposure, but you'll probably want to use manual focus on infinity.* Use the focus on the device (binoculars/telescope) to get the right focus.* Zooming in (3x) will fill the field of view, but it doesn't get you more pixels. Indeed, the raw image in my trial covers only about 1/16 of the pixel are.* You will want to use either audio controlled shutter or a bluetooth trigger.* You want any telephoto/telescope situation to be solidly mounted as any wiggle/movement will result in blurry shots.