for the price, this was a great deal. we had no idea how often our son was creeping downstairs to snack and play electronics until this. also, pan and tilt controls are good so i can rotate around to check the kids' tv instead of the stairs, if i like. setting up the app, schedule, and notifications was pretty painless. my one gripe is from this morning: it triggered motion (which begins recording video for a time) on my son coming downstairs in the dark but because of his oversized hoodie he wasn't flagged as human (which would notify me). worse, when he went back upstairs it didn't trigger motion (so no video saved on the sd card) at all. that was on motion detection sensitivity 4 of 5. when sensitivity is max it will flag our two cats as human all night, plus i get a ton of motion detection from one really, really persistent fruit fly. i'm not currently paying for a monthly subscription but supposedly it comes with AI detection so i'm tempted. haven't tried it yet with echo show. i was recently considering purchasing a second camera just for the noise detection (baby monitor), but i'm going to hold off for now after it let in the cookie monster.Pros: good benefits for cost from just the app and an sd card.Cons: blanket on human's head = stealth mode?edit1: i tacked up a fly strip beside the camera last week. helped reduce the false positives due to bugs. however, it again missed son (and daughter!) leaving rooms and going down stairs, but pinged motion much later for them coming back up stairs. grr.edit2: last night I downloaded an update, then sat back to see the result. seemed to work. but then immediately at midnight i was getting human detection alerts every 5 or 10 minutes from... more fruit flies?? that was at sensitivity 4 and it went away with setting it at sensitivity 3. although, with that it never triggered movement the rest of the night even though we have active cats going up and down the stairs. it also missed my son exiting his room at some point (no motion, no human detect). i realized today that all of this was with the camera set to 720p in the dark so i'm bumping it back up to the full 1080p to see if that helps the algorithm. if not, then i might move it to the bottom of the stairs and from there the trash can. reducing rating from 4 to 3 stars until it starts working. still not purchasing the online whatever whatever.edit3: weeks later, still a problem with fruit flies. who knew they could live this long?? unless it's picking up fruit fly ghosts. noticed my 3yo was downstairs raiding the pantry before sun-up and went to check my camera notifications to find that... the camera was shielding? this is an option to roll the camera up and protect the lens. did i activate that?? or was it a power surge? or automatic? how long has it been this way??? seems i don't have access to records that would clear this up for me. sigh.