I'm a streamer that went from a Blue Yeti (standard) to a HyperX Quadcast S. After using it for about a week, I'll be returning this. For reference, I used the mic on a Windows PC for streaming games and talking on Discord, so it was always on Cardioid mode. I did not use an interface. Price was not an issue for me (it was on sale for TG/BF weekend when I purchased, but HyperX is typically more expensive than Blue).The most important part of a microphone is the sound quality, of course. The sound quality is good. I still get compliments on how crisp my mic sounds, like I did with the Yeti. On stream, the audio filters in OBS do help, but on Discord or in-game chat there aren't any issues or complaints. There is a headphone jack on the side of the mic for low (no) latency monitoring, which is great. The built in pop filter is useful, I bet, but the filters I use in OBS prevented the sharp popping sounds on my Yeti anyway, eliminating the need for a pop filter (for me specifically; YMMV based on how you speak).It's very user friendly, a plug and play device. It uses a standard USB port on your PC so there's no need for an interface.It looks so stunning. The tap to mute/unmute and having the RGB to easily see if the mic is muted is great and convenient.However, there are cons to this mic, in comparison to the Yeti.The headphone jack and USB-C port are on the side; they are on the back of the mic, so if you are using a boom arm and are on camera, this means those ports are facing the camera. On the Yeti, these ports are on the bottom so they're less visible.The body and shock mount are all plastic. It feels cheap. Meanwhile, the Yeti has a good weight to it, and is metal. The Quadcast S is so lightweight that it doesn't even weigh down my boom arm (Rode PSA 1). It should be okay if your boom arm has adjustable tension, but for the Rode, I have to add a weight to the end of the arm toward the mic, otherwise it just floats upward. This is something that wasn't mentioned in many reviews, or being lightweight was considered a pro.To customize the RGB, you need to install HyperX's NGENUITY software. Some people have reported that the software doesn't detect their mic. It detected mine, but the software made other programs crash while it was in use. I had to uninstall it.The most irritating part to me is that the mic monitoring volume is too low. Not the output volume; the monitoring. Even setting the monitoring volume in Windows's audio settings and in NGENUITY all the way to 100 didn't help. Having a headphone jack for low latency monitoring is useless if you can't monitor yourself. However, the Yeti has great monitoring volume. The Yeti also has two separate knobs, one for gain and one for headphone volume, while the Quadcast only has a gain knob. Admittedly, I do like that the knob is on the bottom.I am pretty disappointed in the mic after coming from a Yeti. I'll admit the aesthetic was one big reason I got it, but seeing that this was also a plug and play USB mic for a tech/audio noob like me was enticing. I also liked that the HyperX uses USB-C instead of a microUSB which the Yeti still(!!!!) uses. But overall, as a streamer, I can't keep this mic. It will be returned and I'll be going back to a Yeti, maybe the Yeti X in white this time.