I was really happy with the performance, usability, ease of setup, and form factor of my new imageClass MF743Cdw.This was my first Canon, and it replaced an HP 3390 that had performed flawlessly over the years - but HP's updated drivers became worse and worse over the years to the point that I could no longer auto-duplex print from Windows 10.So what's wrong with the Canon? Let me start by saying that if you are not going to use the phone/fax feature then this issue doesn't apply to you, but this is an MFC, isn't it? For the rest of us, here goes...EVERY TIME I pick up my land line phone, the MFC (which is only 6 feet away from my desk in my home office) thinks that there is some reason that it must warm up and make a bunch of noise. Mind you, this is an OUTGOING call - and I have not begun to dial yet. The MFC has no business doing anything when I pick up the phone. It doesn't matter where the phone is connected (directly to the house line, or the phone port on the back) - as long as they share the line there is a problem. If you pick the phone up every 2 minutes, the MFC will do it's warm up thing every two minutes.According to support, this behavior is completely normal(!) After spending more than an hour on the phone with two support agents, making sure that I had the latest firmware update, etc, I was told that even their manager has confirmed that this is the way it has always been.I have had both Brother and HP MFC's and they have never done this. It's hard to believe that the problem couldn't be fixed with a simple software update, but Canon clearly chooses not to. Of course these MFC's occasionally need to do some self maintenance, but just as I am about to make a call - every time? Sorry - there's no excuse for that. I am pretty sure I would not have bought Canon this time around if I had known about this poor design decision, as the toner cost already detracts from Canon.The best solution I have at the moment is to disconnect the MFC from my phone lines until I need to the fax feature - and hope the Canon will come to their senses and fix this via a firmware update.