First off, I like this printer. I would give it 3.5 starts, if I could.When it works, it works great. We are not heavy printers, but we scan everything then shred. Toner is expensive, but again, we don't print that often. The only reason I'm writing this review is because of the connectivity issue--I'm a bit sick of it.We use both Mac and Windows machines. The printer is on Wifi. Windows machines have no issue printing, scanning or faxing.MacOS ,however, does. What happens is, after installing the driver, the MF works fine, but come back to print or scan a few days later and our Macs can't find the printer. Restarting, resetting, updating drivers does nothing. The only thing that works (which is now SOP for us) is to remove and re-add the printer in MacOS. It takes less than a minute to do, but it's a pain when you're in a rush.I've called support about this twice. Their response both times was make sure you have the latest driver or to reset the printer to factory defaults. I always update the drivers, hoping the issue has been resolved with an update, but it hasn't been. Also, after two factory resets, the issue still persists. This happens on both a newish iMac and Macbook Pro, in both Catalina and Big Sur. Again, our Windows machines have no problem.I assume the issue is when the printer goes into deep sleep, something's wonky with the reconnect with MacOS. If so, I'm guessing using Ethernet would resolve this, but whatever. I'll just keep removing/re-adding the driver rather than string a 25ft network cable to my router.A few other issues:-Mac drivers frequently forget the printer is 600DPI capable and only shows 300dpi. An uninstall/reinstall doesn't always fix this.-There are two different sets of mac drivers. One easily allows you to change from duplex to single page and keep it as default, the other has the duplex setting buried in printer options. Canon support wasn't aware of this and didn't believe me until I let them remote into my mac to see. Sigh.-If you do not printer for a long time, or if you only use b/w vs. color, the printer will eventually begin to do it's warm-up routine every 10 min or so. Very loud and annoying when trying to do Zoom calls, or if you have it a bedroom, trying to sleep. Canon's fix was to replace all cartridges (yikes! very expensive). Luckly, I found that printing a color document--one page-- fixed the issue. I'm assuming, due to lack of use, a sensor detected something that triggered the warm-up (cleaning?) process.-Scans are frequently skewed. Enough so that I had to purchase scanning software to deskew each scan.Final thoughts:I've tried most laser MFC brands. It's a challenge finding a solid multi-function device with a robust feature-set that endures even the lightest workloads, particularly for home-office and SMB folk. Printers cost more to repair than replace, which sucks, both for us and the environment, and forget about the cost of consumables.Before selecting Canon, I was a long time Brother fan. Unfortunately, their devices, while feature-rich, would barely last a year or two, which is pretty crappy since we barely print. They were great at first, lasting 4-5 years, but something changed in their quality, so I stopped using them. I also stopped recommending them to my SMB clients.We've also looked at HP, but the cost of their laser MFDs with network scanning (a hard requirement for us) hits close to enterprise pricing, plus the reviews are no better than these other brands.Of course we could go with single function dedicated devices for printing, fax and scan. Space, of course is an issue. Cost would be, as well, as the devices probably cost more than an MFD. Especially network scanners, which are mostly wireless and unreliable at best (I'm speaking of you, my Epson FastFoto!).Anyway, hope someone finds this review helpful.