I have had this printer for about a month and in that short time I have become accustomed to making disparaging remarks about it. To be fair, the printer is probably making similar derogatory comments about me and my tech savviness.1) The settings on the printer are accessed via a little touch screen on the printer. With the screen you can access a vast fantasy map of options which is not intuitive to navigate and uses cryptic abbreviations. The only way I can navigate the menus is to search for step-by-step instruction online. This approach can work but since the printer is located some distance from my computer, I have to trot back and forth across the room to apply the instructions. Online I did find a "Menu Route Map" for this cyber world of mystery but it doesn't help much. When printed, the map fills three pages of flyspeck sized font.2) Out of the box prints of both text and images were very faint. I did manage to fix this but I cannot tell you what I did. I performed several incantations via the touch screen and eventually the printer grudgingly allowed itself to print some clear text and strong colors.3) Today I am trying to print an envelope. This should be one of the labors of Hercules. My wish is that when I load paper (or envelopes) into the multi-purpose tray, the printer will default to that tray. I finally managed to address the envelope by getting out a ball point pen. Later, I did get it to print an envelope by recreating my template in Word and selecting the multi-purpose tray when printing.4) Tech support is very friendly and helpful but right now I am on hold waiting to talk to them. The estimated wait time is 1 hour. I can understand why they are busy. You simply can't setup this machine to do what you want it to do without tech support.Notes on ratings:I gave the product a 3-star rating. It can produce nice prints but it is complex and time consuming to get it to do so.I also gave features a 3-star rating because the feature are there but difficult to find.Sleep mode gets a very solid 5-stars. Yes, it goes to sleep very nicely all by itself. It is pretty snappy about waking up too.Tech support gets a 2-star rating which may be unfair because when I talk to the tech people, they are very nice, knowledgeable and helpful. This is a moot point when they are unavailable. The online help often isn't. For example when I searched for solutions to my envelope printing troubles there descriptions about loading envelopes into the printer but not much about what to do after that.Perhaps I am unfair because this printer might be very good in comparison to what else is out there. Maybe printers are like tools from Harbor Freight - they are all crappy. I bought this one to replace an HP Laser Jet that I had had for a long time. I disliked the HP printer so much that I have vowed to never buy an HP product again. The HP was noisy, refused to talk to my network and had a document feeder that worked just barely well enough to get me to keep wasting my time trying to use it.