UPDATE AT END.Really missed the mark here. I’ll start with the one positive thing I can say and that is that the sound quality is good. However, there are key design elements and functional issues that caused me to leave only one star. The Bluetooth is incredibly unreliable. It hardly ever connects automatically. You have to log into your Bluetooth settings and forget this device every time you use them. Then you have to turn off your Bluetooth and turn it back on and it will pop up and then you can connect. Very inconvenient. I’ve never had headphones that didn’t automatically connect after the first usage. A major design flaw is that you need to have both of them in in order to adjust the volume. One side controls volume up, and the other one is for volume down. While at the gym, I always only wear one. So in order to adjust the volume. I have to get out my phone and adjust it from there. Another big design miss is that you have to hit the button twice to mute/pause the music. This is because if you hit it once it is supposed to control the volume but when you are only using one in your ear that doesn’t work either. Other ones I’ve had you were able to just hit the button once to turn them off when someone is talking to you. That is much more convenient. The last issue I just discovered is the battery gave me no warning that it was low. When I first got them every time you put one in your ear, it tells you “battery high”. I thought oh this is a great feature. I’ll know when they need to be recharged. Wrong. One day it told me “battery high” and the next day I go to put them in and they are totally dead. Thankfully, I always have a back up or else I would’ve had no music for the gym that day. I guess you get what you pay for.UPDATE: So after writing this review the company contacted me to make it right. They offered 50% refund or a new pair of ear buds. I decided to give them a second chance and try a new pair. The new pair did connect to Bluetooth automatically beautifully just as they should, and so far haven’t had any battery issues. So those issues must have been a fluke production issue with my first pair. However, the design flaws remain an issue with the volume control and mute/pause. But the customer service was awesome so I changed my review from one star to three and would definitely buy from this company again.