Summary:At the end of the day the real question is "Is it worth it, or should I continue to use the handset?". For me, I will continue to use the handset and put this in a drawer while I keep an eye on software updates to see if some of the annoyances have gone away. If you read reviews from earlier, it is apparent that they have been making strides to improve things. Hopefully, there will be some updates to make this more what somebody would want.Note:I have used this with Celestron SkyPortal, ver 1.4 on an Android phone with my NexStar 127SLT - I mention this because it may well be that some of the issues that I had were in the software or mount and not in the Wi-Fi module itself. Since these are really an integrated package it is was not possible for me to separate and assign blame. I also understand that there is an app available on theReview:The adapter is small and plugs in easily to the AUX port on the mount. The adapter wifi seems to be available very quickly (I have never noticed waiting for it), and connecting to it seems to go quickly. I suspect that much of the brains is in the app that uses this device and not the device it self.The device seems to have 2 modes:Direct Connect - where the device advertises an SSID and then you connect to it without a password.Access Point - I did not use this, but it appears to let you join your established network.There does not seem to be a way to change the SSID that it broadcasts while doing a direct connect or force it to use a password - this seems like it could cause havoc with multiple scopes. I have never used this near somebody else’s device so I can’t comment on how well it handles that.Pros:* Clicking on an object and saying "show me that" is a natural action.* The device is powered by the port and does not require external power.* When things are working well you catch a glimpse of what you had hoped this would be.Cons:* There are times that I inexplicably cant connect to the device - I end up switching my WIFI back and forth and restarting the app and that seems to fix it.* There are times where the movement arrows do not seem to respond (or respond only after a significant lag)- This is especially annoying when you are trying to get a good alignment setup- You can also accidentally hit something other than the movement arrows when you are looking in an eyepiece (This can be very annoying).* I have had it lose connection with my phone mid-observing and then had to reset everything to get it to work again. Invariably this happens after I go get the kids to look at something and they then have to sit though the alignment process…* The handset or your phone - it seems that you have to chose- the phone is much more natural for setup/finding objects that you want to view- the handset is more natural for pointing the scope* There were times that I seemed to have to hit goto a second time to complete the goto process (it was like it got me most of the way there and then gave up)Android application annoyances (mentioned here in case it helps folks decide):* The app allows your phone to sleep - your phone will then show you the bright unlock process before going to the nice dim red light of the app destroying your night vision. I know there is a setting/permission for an app to prevent the phone from sleeping.* You have to change to the wifi SSID of your adapter - it would be nice if it did that for you - I have seen google's chromecast setup do this.