Didn't get far enough with this to find out if the headset itself is actually an improvement over the Legend. I've had 4 Legends over the years; they've been really good for sound quality, but as they aged and been bounced around a lot they've been so-so for battery life (flaky below about half charge) and intermittent microphone operation - can't really complain about that - "normal" wear and (connector) tear. The 5200 seemed like a nice idea but it didn't pan out:Pros:+Frustration free packaging+Comes with the Charging Case that now has a stand up socket so you can grab the headset without having to open the case door and then twist the headset into position when a call comes in.+Came with a Bluetooth USB key - the similar one I have with a Plantronics Focus headset that works really well.+Charging Case has a snug socket for the USB key to fit into (the Legend Charging Case has a recess, but doesn't hold it in).Differences So-So/who cares:. Headset seems a bit heavier, has a slightly longer boon for the mic. Similar buttons but they moved them around. All black, rather than black/metal. Charging case is a bit larger and heavier than the one for the LegendCONS:- The magnetic charger plug/socket is DIFFERENT from the Legend. They look the same in the photos, but are mechanically incompatible. SHAME ON PLANTRONICS for making it pointlessly incompatible.- The kit did NOT include cable to connect USB to the DIFFERENT magnetic socket. Thus the ONLY way to charge the headset is with the Charger Case.- The kit did NOT include a USB charger. Ok, those are commonplace now, in particular the multi-port ones, but still, the Legend kits did come with them and they've been placed, along with the USB to magnetic socket cable, in strategic locations like in my car and computer bag, etc.- The kit did NOT include any foam covers for the earbuds. To keep them in place I've always had to glue them on with silicone rubber sealant, but I still like having them.Fatal Flaw:--- The upright socket in the Charger Case has a broken off bottom pin. Thus that socket doesn't work to charge, and the headset can't be seen by the Plantronics Hub management software. So the only Pro of substance is unavailable on this particular unit. After that the Cons add up.So I'd have to return and replace the 5200 unit to get a working Charging Case, and then I'd also have to find extra PROPRIETARY charging cables at additional cost - which I don't even see on Amazon; only Legend ones. All my spare chargers and cables fit the Legend. Thus I've processed the return of the 5200 and ordered yet another Legend and saved $40 at least. Too bad, I might have really liked the 5200, but it is just too incompatible with all the charging parts I have for the Legend. If they were going to use yet another incompatible different magnetic connector, they should have used the Apple one, or gone with USB-C.Bottom line: The kit missing a charger cable with no replacement available, and its incompatible design each lose a star. Thus 3 stars on the assumption that the headset itself is probably OK.