Just to give some background, I was looking for an inexpensive video to do vlogging type stuff and take some videos with my dog. I don't have much experience with more expensive camcorders or what kind of technology and features you can expect if you paid 150 200 dollars, but TL;DR this is neat for the price and gives you a compact HD picture that is pretty good and it is cool that it has the video screen and an extra battery. The menus are fairly easy to figure out after a couple of minutes of poking around.So anyways my criticisms, you have to buy an SD card which is not that big of a deal but you want to be aware of it before you start to use it. Apparently it only holds up to 32gb which is not that big especially with how fast video file sizes add up, so it's probably better to make small clips and not expect to make a huge 2 hours video. With that being said I don't know about how other cameras and their storage work so it might not be too bad.The USB technology seems kind of old but also it charges the battery pretty good so not really any complaints. I was not expecting USB C connections or anything for the price. I have not used it as a webcam, but you will probably want to get an inexpensive tripod to do that which is more extra money you have to add on depending on the reasons you bought it to begin with.My major complaints and the reason for the 3 stars is it consistently freezes on me and I have to reset it. It might be because the battery connection comes apart for a second or just because the software quality, but it may be an issue you have that costs you when trying to record at the perfect moment. Also, the sound quality / microphone is pretty bad. One annoying thing is when pressing the zoom buttons on the top you hear it on the video very loudly so you will definitely want to edit the final product or have your zoom level figured out before you start recording. Also because it is so small I found it more difficult to keep it steady and smaller movements show up more. Anyways I still recommend it but if you need more than the bare minimum to record videos there are probably way better options for 50-100 dollars more.