I own 2 of these Plantronics Voyager 5200. I have recently had to start using my set so much that I have to cycle through both earpieces when the battery is drained. I keep the charging pack on me at all times with one charging. My first one is just about a year old. This is a comparison between the two.Flexibility: the loop over the ear is much less stiff on the original unit; making it for me, a lot more comfortable. I don't remember having these issues when I first got the original unit, but the new unit my simply need to be broken in some more. It has only been 3 months...Talk Time: 6 hours vs 5 hours. my older unit when full charged tells me that I have 6 hours of talk time; new one only 5 hours. I have not had the time to actually time how much talk time they have but I know each day I will have to change them out at least once if not twice depending on how crazy my day will be.Bluetooth: my older unit has no problems connecting to Bluetooth for my various applications that I cycle through. my newer unit goes bonkers. I wont be able to hear a phone call and when I get that squared away then it wont allow the other end of the line to hear me. I use my phone A LOT! I am constantly traveling. and it is super aggravating to have to turn off my Bluetooth on my phone and then turn it back on then wait for the connection to continue my phone call. Initially I thought it might be the phone. after watching closely I noticed it is only when i have the new ear piece in.Now that I have gone through a bunch of negative let me give some positive. Noise canceling is the SH**! traveling down the highway with the windows down and I cant hear my caller because the wind is so loud yet they hear me crystal clear.The seamless connection between the various equipment that I use (ie. Computer, 2 cellphones) being able to connect to multiple machines at once is great!Fast charging and mobile battery bank that charges a unit in 30 minutes and can charge a unit 3-4 times from dead to full on its only battery life is freaking awesome!Grip. I apparently have weirdly shaped ears. I like how the only time these ear pieces have fallen out was when they were physically knocked off my head. They have not once fallen off due to twisting or turning my head too quickly or anything. They have to be physically pushed off the ear.So that is the full review of the