Purchased two on 11/22/2019Ordered two more on 11/29/2019Reviewed 2/9/20 (Three stars)I bought four of these cameras in November 2019. I was impressed at first. But before long, the quirks began to surface.PROS:Wireless/CordlessEasy installationCan easily add additional camerasGood picture in HD modeReasonably fair picture in SD modeWeather proof/resistantCamera mobilityCan share access with family/friendsInternal storage on micro SD card (not included)Cloud storage availableCONS:Extremely unreliable*Software very spottyPoor wi-fiTerrible battery lifeSlow "wake up" time once activatedMagnetic mounts basically useless if mounting outside$30 per year PER CAMERA cloud storage feeIf you don't need/want details, scroll down to the bottom line.*The cameras I purchased have a tendency to simply shut themselves off completely, so that the only way to re-activate them is to dismount them completely, remove the back cover, connect them to a power source and hold down the power button for five seconds. I have had this happen even when the battery still has an 80%+ charge. If I happen to be away from home when this happens, I am without coverage until I can get home and jump through the hoops necessary to resolve this problem. This has happened to me several times in the short time I have had these cameras. Using the "Reset" feature does not resolve this problem. For me, they continue to shut off, seemingly for no apparent reason.Even when these cameras do work, access through the software app, "CloudEdge" has been spotty at best. After opening the app, I tap on the camera I want to view... and wait.... and wait. The app will start a count up from 1% to 100% where at 100% it finally shows me what the camera is currently seeing. If it connects. Often I have to make several attempts to finally connect. This is frustrating when the software alerts me to movement and I can't connect to see what triggered the camera.In case you might be thinking that the problem is wi-fi signal strength, it's not I purchased two wi-fi extenders and all other devices show extremely strong signals throughout my property. As I look now at the two, (out of four), cameras that I can currently connect to, the signal strength for these are 100% and 78%. The 78% is consistently the weakest signal of the four. The other two cameras are usually at 100% and 90%+, but at present, they have disconnected themselves again and must be dismounted and restarted.The motion detection is very sensitive. Even at the lowest setting it is activated by small animals such as birds, cats, etc. Because of this, the camera is activated very often, which runs the battery down quite fast. I find myself recharging the batteries about once every two weeks on average. sometimes sooner, but not usually longer.Also, when something does activate the camera, I sometimes won't know what did it. The camera takes so long to "wake up", that whatever triggered it is often out of sight before it can be captured on video. That kind of defeats the whole purpose, doesn't it? I've had packages delivered to my front door, and the camera activates just in time to catch the back of the delivery person walking away. There is also an approximately 15 to 30 second delay between the time the camera is activated and the time I get an alert on my phone.The picture quality in HD mode is very good, however, The motion is ridiculously choppy, forcing me to use SD if I want to actively monitor a camera. The SD ain't bad, but it ain't great either.======== The Bottom Line ========I think this system is a great idea, and I really want to love it, but it definitely has some rough edges that need smoothing.I would/will not rely on this system for security purposes, (as it currently exists.) That being said, I bought these cameras mainly to monitor my pets when they are outside. Though I find this system to be too unreliable for any security needs that I might have, it suits my basic needs as regards the monitoring of my furry friends. It helps that I am retired and am home pretty much 24/7 and can tend to the cameras as needed.However, should I find myself needing cameras for security purposes, I will purchase hard wired cameras that can be monitored 24/7.I think that this system's biggest problem is the software and I will keep the cameras I have and hold out hope that the software will be improved.I took away one star for poor battery life.I took away one star for unreliability (self disconnection, software, etc.)These are my personal opinions based entirely upon my own experience with this camera system and software. Your experience may be different.