 My long story (Pros and cons are below for brevity):I bought this camera as a birthday gift for myself in August 2019. As soon as I started using the camera, I regretted the purchase but I feel better now. I have taken about 4,500 shots (most deleted). So far, I have used the SCN, A, P, C1, C2, Underwater, Macro, and auto. In other words, I am still getting used to it and haven't taken enough photos to say if I am at a 2 or 4, so my rating is a 3.AUTO MODE is complete and utter trash. Before Thanksgiving the options I used the most were scenery (landscape), aperture priority, and Macro. When I went to visit family for Thanksgiving, my camera setting was in macro when they decided to do a quick cousin picture. I had to be in the picture so I hurriedly turned the dial to Auto before handing it over...thinking it would work. NEGATIVE! The camera flash wasn't activated, the ISO was put to 1600 and the photo was extremely grainy. Afterward, I tried to turn the flash on and it was grayed out. I've owned about six point and shoot cameras before this one. All of them gave me the ability to turn the flash on in Auto mode. Typically I can choose, full flash, no flash, or auto flash. The auto mode in the TG-6 does not give you the option. The setting was evening time around 6 PM. The lighting was low because it was getting dark outside and we were on the patio. My suggestion, use custom 1 or 2 and set the maximum ISO to 400. Custom gives you the flexibility to choose the flash. Also set-up the camera early so you won't be caught off-guard.As I mentioned before I have had other point and shoots. My point and shoots from 2002-2010 either had an internal lens protector that closed and protected the lens or an external lens cover. The TG-6 has neither, I bought a converter that had a lens cover. I'm astonished a $450 camera would not have a lens cover.I accidentally dropped the camera. The strap was difficult to pull through all the way and because I didn't have it fully pulled, it fell onto the concrete when I was walking in the parking garage. I had it for about one week at that time. Since I had a screen protector on the camera, the screen is fine, the protector cracked and chipped. The camera survived.The MANUAL is online, which works for me. Yes, you need the manual. I have bought an external charger with extra batteries. However, I haven't used the extra batteries yet. I had a beach day. I was on the beach from 10 AM - 4 PM. I took a combination of 1,003 pictures and videos. My battery had about 60% energy left. I am impressed by the battery life.Speaking of a beach day, the day I went to the beach, the water was livid. The sand filled waves pummeled me underwater, stole my glasses, and almost stole my camera. Despite not putting my camera directly in the sand, the camera was filled with it from the waves. Now the dials are difficult to turn because of the sand. I hear a crunch every time I spin the dial or open the door for the SD card or charger. The same day I took pictures using the custom shutter and the AUTO-FOCUS was trash. I have had issues with the auto-focus on this camera at times. This is the first point and shoot camera where I have used the manual focus before. I'm not sure why the autofocus sometimes fails me.In my beach pictures, the camera was set on the underwater - snapshot option. The lighting changed throughout the day due to it raining off and on and also the sun's regular rising and setting. The images were dramatically different from overexposed to underexposed. In low-light settings, I suggest WB Auto Keep Warm Color: OFF. I noticed the photos in low light can be very orange if you have WB Auto Keep Warm Color: On.The aperture is limited to 2.0-8.0, so don't expect anything fancy. The camera can do RAW but the quality of the RAW images are terrible. I was disappointed with the zoom feature, I thought maybe my camera zoom was stuck but it really doesn't zoom out very far (4x zoom).Camera manufacturers should consider remotes or remote capabilities for the camera. You can pair the camera to the phone to take images but I bought a camera so I don't have to use the phone. I'd like to put it on the selfie stick or tripod and use the remote to take a few quick snaps. I am grateful for and love the custom feature that allows me to set it to shoot after 4 seconds and then take 8 photos in succession. That reminds me, the BATTERY/SD card door is next to the tripod mount, so if you have to change the battery or quickly change the SD card, you have to remove the tripod.The TG-6 is touted as an impressive macro camera. It's great but it isn't magnificent. The camera tends to underexpose the images. That means if you don't use flash with a DIFFUSER, your images will need a higher ISO. In low light settings, you need to use flash, so you can use a low ISO. High ISO in this camera is extremely grainy. The flash without a diffuser is bright even when I have cut the flash down to 1/64. At the same time, it depends on what you are shooting. If it's a bug that does not have any metallic body parts like a butterfly, then it's not an issue. Shiny bugs need a diffuser. The LG-1 is used with the LED light, it is not waterproof, and it's too harsh for shiny creatures. FD-1 is waterproof, uses the flash, and softer which is better for non-reflective bugs. LG-1 is more of a focused light than a diffuser, FD-1 is a diffuser. The light can be adjusted in FD-1 because the flash can be reduced between 1/1.3 to 1/64. Focus stacking option in Macro is my favorite but you need to keep the camera very still. Since I don't always use my tripod, the default I use is Microscope.In all, aside from the macro photography, I feel I should have bought the go pro. I didn't know it existed until a month after I bought the camera. At the same time, I don't hate the camera, it just doesn't seem worth it for me. Note there is a steep learning curve to get the full benefit of the camera.PRO:WaterproofRAWLong-lasting batteryRuggedMacroProcapNONCOMMITAL:Manual onlineExternal battery chargerImage qualityCON:Auto modeAuto-focusNo lens coverLimited apertureZoomNo remote capability (outside of phone)Battery door located by the tripod mountCostRAW photo qualityNot good with sandSummary:Whether you should buy this camera depends on what you're buying it for and your pet peeves. The image quality depends on the lighting, your photo taking abilities, the scene or setting of the camera, and your knowledge of the camera. The more you learn the better the images (to an extent) because you will learn the camera's limitations. The cost of the camera is high considering it lacks some basic accessories. It does decent underwater and Macro scenes.Accessories I purchased:2 LI-90B/92B batteries and charger7 piece filter (don't buy) - I only like the ND filterFD-1 waterproof filter diffuser (uses flash)LG-1 Light guide (uses LED)Olympus CLA-T01 conversion lens adapter (has lens cover)Waterproof mini tripodScreen protectors (recommended) - Screen Protectors Compatible Olympus Tough TG-5, AFUNTA 2 Packs Anti-Scratch Tempered Glass Protective FilmsMC 40.5mm UV protection filter with a multi-resistant coat - love but not necessary