I ordered these after doing a lot of research to replace my AirPods Pro..Comfort - Comfort is a big thing for me, and out of earbuds I have tried, the AirPods Pro’s have the best comfort. Reason being? They’re designed in an oval shape which is proprietary to the shape of your ear canal, which is also oval. These were comfortable for the design that they are as they do not protrude into your ear canal like typical earbuds do. They have 3 sizes of eartips and I found the standard ones (Medium) to be the most comfortable. I had a little bit of ear burning after about 6/7 hours (I am a truck driver so I need Bluetooth headphone/earbuds) but it’s wasn’t anything that was substantially painful.Sound quality - The sound was a bit harsh on the high end frequencies, good mid and bass tones/ranges, not overly powering, not too much not too little either. Using the apps EQ adjustments was definitely a plus as it was easy to use, you can save your adjustments and for me, it calmed the high end down so it wasn’t so harsh.Call quality - Heres the bad.. just like with my AirPods Pro, certain people could hear me, other people said I was so muffled it sounded like I was covering my mouth to talk, some people said I was quiet even if I was talking louder than normal.. it got tiring constantly having to almost talk over everything ambient. The only time I was decent in volume to people is when I was in a quiet place with no ambient noise around. The goofiest part of these earbuds is the hear through which can be adjusted but allows you to hear your own voice. I don’t understand what the purpose of it was but I turned it completely off. Unfortunately another downfall was that you could have the volume all the up, and could barely hear some people and others you’d have to turn it almost halfway down to hear clearly. They have multiple mics to pick up your voice when speaking, but I do believe that this technology needs a bit of tweaking.ANC/Hear Through/Off modes - Here is where the Elite Pros succeeded.. the ANC mode is incredible, you don’t feel or get the sense like you ears are in a vacuum like how the AirPods Pro’s or even the Bose and Sony make your ears feel. It does an excellent job balancing that out, but also is fantastic at blocking out noise. Even in my semi truck which is older, so it rattles and creaks etc, none of the noises could be heard. Hear through mode, it’s a little hard to get used to at first because you can adjust it, but it can sometimes make you feel like you’re cupping your ears to hear. I never had to take the earbuds out to hear people, unless I was in a above average noise my environment. Off mode is where I consistently kept the earbuds at all times. They do a good enough to allow some hear through, and cancels out a decent amount of noise just enough to not need to switch to ANC unless you absolutely get annoyed with hearing music or whatever and noise at the same time.Usage/case/app - These are easy to use, no doubt. Getting them in and out of the case, in your ears, out of yours and back into the case can be a struggle sometimes due to the button being very sensitive on both earbuds, and the button being the basically the size of the earbuds itself. The button function themselves is quite light, meaning a simple light press and you feel the button engage. Very good design so you don’t have to press hard to change the functions you dedicate to each earbud like the AirPods Pro or Sonys for example. As I mentioned I am a trucker, so I left one earbud to change from ANC/hear through/off and the other one to play/pause. The app is very easy to use with everything being on the main page as soon as you open it. It’s very nice because it does show you battery life per earbud and charging case, which is something I enjoyed a lot, along with the earbud modes and EQ as well. You can change all the button functions for individual earbuds, dedicate whether you want Mono mode (where you can use one earbud or the other instead of both), change the voice and other options including firmware updates. A small downfall I have to say is the charging case.. the lid is a tad bit flimsy, and gives you the feel of cheap hinges and it could break if you’re not carful. The earbuds do stay secure in the case when they are charging, but the material inside the case, in my opinion needs to be different. Sweat, and let’s face it, ear wax (even if your ears are super clean) will kind of, stain the material for a lack of better words, and will need cleansing quite often. It had wireless Qi charging which is a plus for sure!Battery - Last but not least.. battery life. These things do stay true to the rated battery life hours. I put these in one day, and got almost 9/10 hours out of them one a full charge.. sometimes I work 10-12, and my AirPod pros had to be charged 2xs a day just to get through the day. These things, seriously have a good battery life which seems to be a hot topic when it comes to truly wireless earbuds. The case does have a really good battery in it as well, and I was able to charge the earbuds from almost dead to 100% 3xs before I needed to charge the case. The earbuds and case have LED lights to indicate charge status, with the one on the case being a little difficult to see, which is where the app helps because you can open the lid of the case to turn the earbuds on, and the app automatically recognizes them and will give you battery percentage data.Conclusion - Overall, if you’re truly looking for some earbuds that have good comfort, excellent sound quality, better functionality and ease of use with some of the best battery life out there, then these are for you. I would however highly recommend for extended use, investing in the SpinFit 1025 eartips for these earbuds. The factory ones, they’re good, but the Spinfit conforms a little better with more comfort. BUT… if you’re looking for earbuds mainly for calling and Bluetooth capability, I would look elsewhere.