I recently bought Jabra 7 Elite Pros in addition to Jabra 75t's and Galaxy Buds+ that I already own, so I'll compare them in this review against each other.Comfort-wise, I did find Jabra 7 to be more comfortable than 75t and much more comfortable than Galaxy Buds+ (small ears). J7 is the clear winner in comfort department for me.Case. At first I liked it. But only after some use I realized how inconvenient it is to open with one hand, especially when your skin gets a little bit dry and there's absolutely not enough grip on the lid and no notch to hold on to. Many people also report frequently dropping the case when trying to open it with one hand. This is actually a problem that is exclusive to Elite 7 because neither 75t nor Galaxy Buds+ have it.Sound-wise I'm not an expert, but I like the way they sound. But then again, I also like the way 75t's sound as well as Galaxy Buds+.Simultaneous connection to two devices: I bet galaxy buds, and Sony users don't even realize how great it is to connect to your PC and phone at the same time. Both Jabra 7 and 75t's can be connected to two devices (although only one is allowed to play sound at any given time) and that's a fundamentally important feature that most other wireless headphones lack.Single earpiece use: Jabra 7 has better support of using earpieces individually compared to 75t's: you can listen to either the left one or the right one, when 75t's allows you to use only the right one individually. Galaxy buds can work with either too. So 75t's lose their point here.My right earbud initially had some sort of a clicking sound when I chewed, but that seems to have fixed itself after a couple days.One of the most important aspects for me is the treadmill test: can any of them withstand daily intense running? Galaxy buds keep falling out of my ears and pinch the inner part of my ear with their wing tips. Also annoyingly whenever I try to fix them in place, their touch controls keep triggering which is infinitely frustrating. 75t's withstood more than a year of treadmill abuse from me, they performed well enough, but ultimately sweat did kill them: their sound started dipping when pressure inside the ear changed and later on sound almost disappeared. Jabra 7 Elite Pro seem to fit me the best: they sit very tight and they are comfortable while running. I'm yet to find out how long they will last.Buttons/controls. 75t's have very good physical buttons that you never activate by accident and they're light enough to respond without pushing the thing into your brain. Galaxy buds have touch controls which in my opinion is a huge design flaw because it keeps triggering whenever you want to fix the earpiece's position in your ear. Jabra 7's buttons are much more rigid and require more force to be pushed. It's not too bad, but I think I prefer 75t's controls that are softer.Stability. I never had any software/firmware problems with 75t's or galaxy buds, but J7's greeted me with a stalled green light on the case (not supposed to happen) and a whole bunch of jumping through the hoops to update them (it refused to go according to plan). While I managed to pull it through, I bet some people would have just sent them back already in frustration.So, the verdict. Is it worth upgrading from 75t's? Unless they're broken, probably not. Is it worth upgrading over Galaxy Buds+? I'd say, yes, because connecting to two devices at the same time becomes an essential feature once you start using it. Heck, I'd upgrade just because of how much more comfortable they are.