Sorry for a long review but I wish someone had told me these things before I started my project. I used the MovieMaker Pro 8mm film to digital transfer system to transfer my 10 7" reels to digital so I can edit on my computer and make DVDs for my siblings. The concept is very straight forward - you put the full reel on the left arm and a blank reel on the right arm, you spool the film as instructed - adjust your settings and press record. It takes a recording of each frame as it passes through the lighted recording head and this image gets recorded on an SD card in MPG format. Now - the issues I had and I am sure many other have had and will have is that …1. If your 8mm film is old, like mine over 50 years, the film tends to be brittle and very dirty. With this machine, the way you have to spool the film around the knobs and then carefully slide the film under three little tabs to keep it steady under the recording head is very cumbersome. You don’t have much room to work with and you have to “twist” the film in order to get it under the 3 tabs. I have broken many film pieces while trying to “twist” the film to correctly place it under the recording head. There is too much man handling the film while doing this process as well – expect your fingerprints and smudges on the film as you maneuver it under and through the 3 tabs.2. If the film some how gets stuck while its recording, there is no safety feature where it stops the reels from spinning. You need to stop it and somehow try to advance the film through the recording head area under the tabs but to do so, you’ll need to gently lift the film off the tiny metal sprocket for the holes that advances the film. Once you lift it off the sprocket, you’ll b e able to slide the film and bypass the “bad” area that caused the film to be stuck in the first place – again, a lot of manhandling the very brittle film.3. The machine claims that it does all sizes of reels, which it does but it only supplies you with one smaller empty 4.5” reel to use. Why not supply us with the largest one that the unit can use that way, you are covered for all reel sizes? If you have reels that are larger that 4.5”, I suggest you make sure you have an empty larger reel to accommodate your needs.4. I would have liked to see an option for recording speed. As it is, for a 7” reel, it takes about 4 hours to complete, frame by frame, and the quality is OK. You can see the images as it passes through the unit in the viewscreen and it is misleading. It appears that the image is really great looking but in reality, once you get it on your computer, it is very grainy and the contrast is off. Definitely not what you were seeing in the view screen while it was recording. It would be nice to maybe have an even slower speed to record – spend more time on each frame to process for those of us that want quality over speed.5. The ability to crop and adjust the framing of the image was good and appreciated. As well as adjusting the exposure level. However, it is very hard to tell what exposure setting would be best for your application, so be prepared to run your films through several times and adjusting as the little image on the viewscreen is misleading when it comes to the exposure level. I suggest to experiment with the different exposure levels as you able to change the levels while recording and just keep track on what exposure setting was for which part of the film when you import to your computer for editing. Then decide what exposure is best and run the remaining film reels in that exposure.6. For 10 7” reels of film it took me roughly 40 hours to complete initial recording. Then I had to go back and run them again because I didn’t like my exposure settings.7. I would suggest to use a lens cleaner and air canister to clean the optics and blow away dust after each reel. If there is a fiber on the lens it will show up through the entire reel. So, blow off the area a few times throughout the recording. You can’t blow too often!8. Do not leave the unit while it is recording thinking that it will stop on its own when it’s done with the reel nor should you expect that all your film is in perfect condition. The film will eventually get “stuck” and will need your help to stop the recording, move it through the bad area and continue recording. This unit does not turn off by itself while it is doing something. Even when rewinding, it does not sense that the reel is empty and stop…it will continue to rewind until you turn it off, flopping your film end at each rotation.Again, this little unit did the job and for $400 it did what was expected. I wasn’t surprisingly impressed nor was I disappointed. I am lucky enough to have decent editing software on my computer to help “fix” any scenes that were too dark or if the colors were off but that isn’t the fault of the machine. Generally, it was my father’s fault as he was the one that originally recorded the footage so anything shot out of focus will be our of focus and no machine no matter what you spend on a machine.I am surprised there isn’t an oil hole for you to add a drop or two of oil for lubrication. I don’t know what type of gearing it has inside, whether plastic or metal, but after 40 hours of nearly continuous use of this machine, the motor did sound like it was struggling a bit – meaning, the sound was louder and I heard a lot more “grinding” than when I first started. It didn’t affect the outcome of the recordings but I would think there should be some sort of lubrication required for all the rotations the spindle does per reel.Be sure to format your SD Card on a Windows based computer, not a MAC, before inserting it into the MovieMaker Pro. Then, using the machine’s format feature, format is as it instructs. I had a few SD cards that I had originally formatted in my MAC and, even though it appeared I correctly formatted the SD Card for use in the machine, I was not able to use any of the files. Luckily, I found out early enough that I didn’t waste too much time.One final note - make sure that when you get your unit that it’s a new, sealed unit. With the nature of what this machine does, I can see many people returning it after they completed their project for their money back. I mean, how many more 8mm reels will one have to record after you complete your initial project?