After my mother-in-law passed we found her 8mm movies. At some time in the many 50' reels were consolidated onto two 7 inch reels. I bought this to digitize them for my wife and siblings. As I say in the headline - it does work. It worked out of the box. It does have some minor and major caveats (buyer beware). If you don't want to the long review based on my experience then skip down to 'Finally:'.First the good - it did work out of the box which brings up the first caveat - you MUST have a SD card installed BEFORE you can do anything. No SD card - the machine tells you to install and reset. You cannot access any of the machine functions without a SD card. That said - the menus and setup are simple and straightforward and few. You can set the exposure in a range of +2 to -2 in increments of .5. You can set the sharpening effect and finally the framing and zoom. You can also format the memory card, set the language between English and Japanese, set the film type (positive or negative type film), frame by frame preview(no record). You can also connect to the composite video input of a TV for viewing (I did not use this feature).It has a 1 year materials and workmanship warranty when utilized for personal use or 200 'reels' (more on reels later).My experience was mixed - it did work and produced mp4 files that I could play on my PC, but I had some problems along the way.1. I found it difficult to load the film and get it under the positioning clips on the film tray. This is partially due to the scan head being directly above the film bed making it difficult to get my fingers in position to load the film under the clips. I finally resorted to using a pair of long hemostats to load the film. FYI - I had many attempts that resulted in jams because the film didn't make it under one of the clips.2 Setting the framing, film type and sharpening is easy. I do not recommend using the sharpen feature more than the low setting - I tried the medium setting and WOW, I thought the machine was broke when I reviewed the sharpened files - very poor quality. After that I stuck with the low setting.3. There is no color correction to compensate for age induced yellowing. That must be corrected after scanning on your pc. There is also no option for noise reduction - come on guys, most 8mm film is 50 plus years old, has been viewed many times, picked up dust and debris and you offer on type of noise reduction???4. After setting the correct options I started the scanning process and all appeared to go well, so I left unattended and went into another room. After a few minutes I heard a horrible grinding sound and discovered another caveat - If your film reels have any scotch tape splices that cover the sprocket holes the machine jams and the internal gears will grind until you manually advance the film past the splice. It turns out that both of the reels I scanned had numerous splices making it necessary to babysit the machine during the entire process. Another caveat - NONE of the settings can be made during the scan process. If you have a section of film that requires an adjustment, you must stop, adjust the settings and restart, producing another file and counting up the reel counter (see #6).5. Auto stop - Another caveat - there is an undocumented feature that stops the scanning process if it thinks the film has run out - long section of bright white screen indicating no film is passing under the scan head. I discovered this when scanning one of the film reels. There were two 2 to 4 minute sections of film that were completely clear. About 30 to 40 seconds into these clear sections the machine stopped scanning. This was confusing because the feature is undocumented and I initially thought it had jammed again. I unloaded, advanced an inch or so, reloaded, restarted and after another 30 or 40 seconds it stopped again. I checked for a jam and found none and it finally dawned on me that there is an undocumented auto stop feature.6. file counter - remember the warranty - 1 year, or 200 reels as documented by the counter on the display. Turns out the counter is not actually a reel counter. It's a file counter and if you haven't guessed it by now, every time you start and stop scanning for any reason the file counter is incremented and I am very sure this is the 'reel' count that they base their warranty on. I scanned two 7 inch reels twice and due to jams, and auto stops produced around 28 files/reels that count towards the warranty expiration. Seems kind of cheesy.7. There is no software included with this machine - you must supply your own movie editing solution.8. There is no control of this machine from your PC or mobile device. It is what it is.9. The screen is small at 2.25 inches diagonal. This is comparable to most of the other devices available, however at least one has a 5 inch display.Finally - would I buy it again - NO. I purchased this machine primarily due to the higher resolution scans at 1080p. The frame rate is hard set at 20 fps. After seeing the scan/conversion results, realistically, 720p would have been sufficient. That said - this machine works if you are cognizant of all the little caveats and are willing to pay a higher price for little gain in conversion quality. There is at least one machine available with similar features and function with a larger screen and color correction at a lower price point.