I purchased two of these cameras - one for each entry door to my house - because they were easy to install and featured cloud storage.The cloud storage aspect works ok. For a small fee, each still or video the camera captures will be stored in the cloud for you to view later. The cameras were fairly easy to install, although the adding them to the network was a small struggle.The cameras seem to be well-constructed, and they work very well - when they work at all. The video that is captured is good quality, and they pick up a reasonable amount of sound nearby.The problem is that, since these cameras are battery-powered and solar charging is not reliable, you cannot leave them active continuously or they will run out of charge. This means that the cameras sit on standby waiting for you to activate them manually or they are activated by motion. If something happens in view of the camera very briefly, it might be over by the time the camera activates and starts recording.While the camera sits idle, it evidently has lots of time to forget your network and decide to not respond to your requests to view it. I had a frightening visit at 3 am from a random person at my front door, and I could not get the camera live view to activate so I could see who it was. This was the primary reason I wanted cameras in the first place. The camera will usually still alert you (if you have alerts active) that motion was detected, but it is very hit-and-miss whether you will be able to access the live view to see what the motion is. Even when the camera responds to your requests to view it, it can require multiple attempts to connect to the camera or take an unreasonably long time for the stream to start.For now, I will keep using these cameras, because I believe the mere sight of them is enough to deter most ne'er-do-wells who might want to look in my windows or steal my deliveries. But as an on-demand security system, it is not recommended. In retrospect, I probably should have made the effort to set up a wired system.