I was on a very obsessive search for a charging cord for my iPhone, that my kitten would not chew through. She is now a year old, but still VERY happy with herself to not only find and absolutely destroy any and every cord she can find.. I’m talking EVERY cord.. From lamps, to laptops, printers, vibrator (well, I’m honest haha), SEVERAL iphone and Apple Watch charging cords..the multi-charging stations, yep that too..and by far the best one yet.. My full size over 300$ carpet shampooer. SO.. I have spend over a thousand dollars so far JUST in replacing cords.. She doesn’t just chomp and go.. No no no.. She lays the pieces out (in perfect order) so that you can see what wonderful work she has done. So with all of this said.. And many tears And internal outburst later.. I found this cord, and figured I would give it a try.. The one thing a have noticed, is that she is particularly drawn to rubber cords.. Makes sense, they feel great on teeth and gums (just ask any human baby). So this one is not rubber and is more of a rope fabric. Well! She couldn’t care less about this cord.. She enjoys watching me pick it up..plug it in..checks it out..all of that. But she tried chewing on it (immediately mind you) and she just stopped instantly and walked away. WOOHOOOOOOOO!!!!! The only downside here? The ONLY downside.. Is that she and her one month younger best friend who is a puppy.. have an alliance formed, and are the best and worst team ever.. She gave the cord to the puppy.. and the puppy managed to chew through two parts of the part where it plugs into the phone.. Most likely just because that’s the loose end, other end was plugged in. The first chomping was just a bummer, but the second one did the cord in. THANK GOODNESS for Amazon Prime coming to the rescue! I didn’t even hesitate to jump on and order another one immediately. And I will keep ordering this specific one. Why? It is so durable and well made, even with the puppy attacks, it didn’t sever completely.. actually just enough to kill half of one part of one of the wires lol The length is great, the quality is excellent. I don’t know about charging time.. Seems normal, but I am used to the apple brand charger that’s now a mini usb or something instead of a regular usb anyway.. So I have no clue if it’s the same or slower. I appears to be the same at least, not slower..but again, that’s a guess. I haven’t needed customer service for this product, so I cannot comment on that aspect of the company nor company responses. Overall, this cord is very well made with excellent quality, at an affordable cost. I have and will buy again. This is my third time buying this charging cord. I also purchased one for their Grandma, who has also fallen victim to cord chews from her beloved babies.. Which of course that expense comes right back to Mommy to handle haha I fully recommend this charging cable!