After retiring recently, I decided that ushering at the city concert hall would be nice /fun to do. This is a fairly large (2000 seats) hall with good acoustics.All was fine until the first rock concert where the sound level was close to painful and I spent part of the time in the hallway where the sound was less.A few weeks later, we had another rock concert but I brought drug store ear plugs. They “sort-of” worked but not very well.After doing some research, it occurred to me that purchasing a good pair of Active Noise Cancelling earbuds would be a nice answer. The general criteria were an affordable price and good reviews from Amazon.I ordered a pair of Soundcore by Anker Space A440 “Adaptive Active Noise Cancelling Wireless Earbuds and they came just before the next rock concert.I opened the box and the first thing I noticed was a full set of plugs of assorted sizes to insure a good ear fit. The instructions said to download their software which I did.The first surprise was a “Fit Test”. I ran the test and the medium size fit well.Then I found a “HearID” test. It said to find a quiet place to run the test which I did. Then the test sent tones to each ear separately and asked if I heard the sound or not. The software then set up a custom hearing profile based on my hearing.Further investigation of the software provided three modes of operation.NormalTransparent Mode – Drops some of the cancelling so you can hear people etc.Noise CancellingNote: You can only change modes using the phone software but I do not see that as an issue.A few days later, there was another rock concert and as I walked into the concert hall, it was clear that this was a very loud one. When it is loud in the hallway with the concert hall doors closed, that is a clear indication.I put the earbuds in, and was amazed. The sound level dropped from loud to a level you might expect in a family room talking to your friends. It was so amazing that I had to take one earbud out to check that the sound was still loud.One of my other activities is walking in the neighborhood and listening to my music. I was a little concerned about not hearing runners or cars coming up in back of me when I was wearing the new earbuds.But when I walked today, I found that:Normal or Transparency Mode was fine. I could hear cars and so on with no problem as well as my music.Part of the walk was along a fairly busy street with some truck traffic and with Noise Cancellation on, the street noise was reduced to “there but not objectionable”.My previous earbuds were “reasonable” quality and sound ($50 price range). I am aware that as one gets older, your hearing changes but with the sound profile that the software created, the sound from the earbuds was very nice.There were comments from reviews on other products that fussed about earbuds not going back in the case easily but the magnets are good and the earbuds just pop right back in the case.Note: If you have / want to spend two or three times the price of the Anker Space 440, you will /map get a “much??” nicer package but I am very happy with this product.