Straight up...you will not find a better value for ANC TWS earbuds out there. Easily offers more features for the money than any other brand and at much higher quality than some costing much more.Setup: A breeze. Pairing is a non-issue and these buds flawlessly connect with any device I have tried. I'm and Android/ChromeOS/Windows11 user and have only had 1 issue that wasn't the buds fault (thanks Win11). The best part is that these buds are MultiPoint capable, so they can be connected to more than one source device simultaneously. This is much better than many of the faux multi-point options that swap between connected devices offered by iOS and Samsung (don't get me wrong MusicShare is awesome, but only works between Samsung devices).Performance: the ANC is not as aggressive as most higher end offerings from Bose and Sony, but they offer a fair amount of noise-cancelling and are customized with the SoundCore app, allowing you to not only switch between Ambient (amplifying), Normal (no ANC), and Noise Cancelling (with ANC), but allowing you to adjust the level of ANC along with the frequencies to target when in Ambient mode. This is a really cool function, allowing an easy balance between hearing who's around without being distracted by what's around you. Is the ANC as good as a pair of Sony MX4's? No, not even close...and I will keep my Sony's for air travel and pure sound quality and use the SoundCore's for just about everything else. The buds are also pretty neutral in sound and messing with EQ doesn't really improve the sound to my ear. Keep it flat, people!Features/Design: Wireless charging along with USB-C are pretty standard nowadays, but not always available at this price-point. I've already discussed the ANC and Multi-Point features above. Included are also many different sizes of tips. The best part about these buds is that they are very small and will easily fit into any ear, just by using the appropriate tips.Durability: This is the first con here. To be clear I have not had any issues with these devices breaking or anything like that. In fact, I've dropped the case several times and everything has worked just fine. I do wish the lid had a stronger closure mechanism that would keep the buds from shooting out of the case like they were shot out of a cannon.Others: Battery life is pretty great. I don't test this much as I use my Sony's for long duration usage (flights, etc). But they are very light and comfortable and I don't mind having them in my ears for a few hours when working at my desk with the occasional web meeting.Also, Windows 11 users (particularly those using TWS earbuds for Teams meetings) listen up!!! To use these with Microsoft Teams, you will need to go into your Sound Mixer settings and disable Audio Sink for these (and just about every other wireless bud set) to have it work properly in Windows 11. This sucks and shouldn't need to be done, but it's a MS issue not a problem with these buds.Do I wish the ANC was stronger? Yes! Do I wish they somehow made Windows 11 not suck? Yes!!! But other than that I really can't ask for more for the money. Great job, Anker/Soundcore!