> COMFORT – The secret to comfort when using earbuds is to use the smallest cushions which work for you. Three sets, small, medium, and large are included with the Sony MDREX15LP earbuds. You might be most comfortable with larger or smaller cushions. It a can also take a while to build up tolerance. So, if earbuds hurt your ears, build up slowly wearing them a little longer each day. It can take weeks to get to the point that you can wear them all day long without pain.> PLUG – The plug is angled, at 90 degrees, unfortunately. If you pull on the cord, you won't easily pull the plug out the socket, but you will put on strain on the cord, and potential damage it. In my experience, this is how most headphones fail.> PACKAGING – The Sony MDREX15LP earbuds that I purchased came in wonderful frustration–free packaging — in a small plastic bag in a small easy-to-open cardboard box. But, I can’t promise that you won’t get a horrible retail anti-theft pack.> SLEEPING – The Sony MDREX15L don’t stick out as far as some other brands, and so, may be more comfortable when resting with your head to the side (or inside a helmet). Panasonic ErgoFit fit deeper in the ear, and are a little more comfortable in such situations. APTEK offers a nice earbud set for sleeping that is even smaller–but the cushion is built-in, so you can’t choose the cushion size. However, even with the APTEKs, I cannot comfortably sleep with an earbud in the ear that is on the pillow. My solution – I just use one earbud, and in the ear that is not on the pillow. In fact, I recycle earbud sets where one earbud has failed, by cutting it off, and using the remaining earbud, shifting the earbud from ear to ear if I change sides.> MUSIC QUALITY – The quality of music using the Sony MDREX15LP is very good – but with little base. That’s just a matter of physics, earbud drivers are simply to small to produce good base. Suggestion, use the earbuds when you are out, but purchase a Sony ZX headphone set for use at home.> VOICE QUALITY – Clean, clear and crisp in the voice-range, without fiddling with an equalizer – largely because the base is poor. So these (or similar) earbuds are clearly the choice for listening to audiobooks, podcasts, talking on your phone, etc.> EXERCISE, ETC – Stays in place better than most earbuds. But, if you engage in strenuous exercise, consider Panasonic ErgoFit, which fit deeper in your ear. The down side of the Panasonic ErgoFit is that they fit so securely that it is difficult to get them out of your ear quickly, to answer a phone, etc.> SYMMETRY – The Sony MDREX15L are close to being bilaterally symmetrical – It doesn’t really matter if you put the put the left earbud in your right ear, etc. However, the Panasonic ErgoFit are not, they fit deeper into the ear, and are shaped differently to match your right and left ear canals. It can take a while to get used to inserting the right Ergofit earbud into your right ear, and the left into the left.> ISOLATION – All truly in-the-ear earbuds, with cup-shaped rubber cushions, are good at reducing outside noise, better than headphones – often good enough for air travel (depending on the aircraft and the location of your seat). Many earbud brands feature “noise cancellation” but do not actually have any noise cancellation circuitry. Passive isolation (such as provided by the Sony MDREX15LP earbuds), is NOT noise cancellation. Feedback reduction (on earbuds with microphones) is often called noise cancellation, but isn't. Beware that while true noise cancellation works moderately well for aircraft engines (and similar sounds), it doesn’t work at all for screaming children or random noise. If your earbuds feel loose in your ear, you may need to install large cushions on the earbuds (these are included – don’t toss them out with the packaging) to get them to seal in your ear canal good enough to provide good isolation.> HINT – CLEANING EARBUDS – The build up of earwax is a serious problem. It can actually block the sound, and when it gets that bad, effective cleaning is difficult or impossible. The best and simplest strategy is to take a look at your earbuds every few days, and vigorously scratch/flick the open hole of the cushion several times. That breaks loose the wax into flakes, which you can then just blow away. Wiping (such as with a Q-tip) doesn’t work so well (unless you take the cushions off, clean them, and reinstall them), because that may just grind wax into the little screen in front of the speakers, which is then impossible to clean.