This radar/laser detector works 100% exactly as it should. Very accurate and works at great distances. The reason some have given it 1 stars saying it didn’t detect a police officer.The reason for this is because not all cops have their radars on. Cops are highly trained to be able to look at a car and determine an average speed. If the officer does not have his radars on it WILL NOT detect it. It’s impossible for any radar detectors to detect one that isn’t turned on. Therefore it will not beep saying cop ahead. I come from a family of town cops and state troopers and tested the equipment on various speed detecting equipment and various bands. The device found every single one of them before the cop cars detector scanned me giving me time to slow Down. The rear scanner on the device works just as good AS LONG AS it has a clear view to the back. For laser detectors that cops sometimes use they HAVE to be parked and not moving for it to get your speed. The reason is because the laser beam is very small and narrow and must hit the car directly for it to register a speed making it 80% more accurate. This detector should be mounted in the very center bottom of your windshield for best use. The reason for it to be placed in the bottom center is most speed trap lasers are lower to the ground for best accuracy meaning the laser is pointed at the hood/front bumper of your car. Having the device in the center bottom gives it about 90% more chance of warning you sooner. With radars the police use it’s a large dispursment of radio waves making it very easy for the radar detector to find.The amazing thing about this detector is the fact it has a great system to determine if it’s a cop or just a door near by. I have so far never had a false reading in town unless I had the sensitivity on high.Finally, those who say they get false highway readings. Your not. 1st off there are hidden speed cameras. 2nd Cars and simitrucks can set it off. Why? Well, that is because most new cars and almost all simitrucks have radar systems that help them detect nearby cars to alert you when not to merge over or if your swerving. These radar systems in the trucks and cars generally use a K band signal at 24.75hertz.Passing a railroad crossing can almost always set it off. Rail roads have radars to detect cars to send information to the trains conductor to know he needs to blow the horn and lower the arms on the tracks. The signal is different state to state but in South Carolina about 98% of railways use X band.I hope this review helps sorry it was long just wanted to properly explain the detector to everyone!!!