Other than adjusting sensitivity and preference in alerts this radar has exceeded my expectations, to say the least. It has saved me from multiple possible speeding tickets and has zero interference with police radars which I tested personally. I highly recommend anyone looking for a radar under $200 consider this product if they are looking for a highly reliable and customizable radar scanner. I will leave my details of operating the device below for anyone who might find it helpful. I recommend reading all details below if you are brand new or unfamiliar with using a radar scanner.Radar alerts (only ones that I recommend having enabled):Ka band, K band, low K band, LASER(all others can be disabled unless you know your local police use other radars such as SPECTRE or VG-2 (radar scanner detectors), X band(outdated),Sensitivity:I highly recommend using the Cobra App on your phone. I ALWAYS use "auto" sensitivity. What "auto" does is change the sensitivity from low, medium, or high depending on your speed. Low: 20MPH or lower. Medium: 20-60MPH. High: 60MPH+.If you are out in the middle of nowhere and just like knowing if there is any cop near, I recommend leaving it on high. Keep in mind, radar scanners ONLY detect active-seeking police radars. The scanner will not alert you simply of a police presence near by.Good all-round volume level:5-7 (volume scroll) If you have music on and/or big subs, definitely use max volumeCommunity Alerts/road construction/red-light cameras:Leave all enabled (very rarely pop up unless you live around a lot of red-light cameras, then it will most certainly annoy you)Other preferences that I find useful:Smart power: offVoltage display: onLow-voltage warning: on (12V or lower)Auto-mute: on (does not actually mute unless it's K band, just lowers the volume to a tolerable level for Ka)Screensaver: on (more gentle in low-light conditions)Phone notifications: Off (radar alerts can be forwarded to your phone, or stay on the radar for audible alerts, it cannot be both)Mounting position:Just below the center rear-view mirror but not so that the rear LASER detector is blocked.Image: https://i.imgur.com/XsUByVh.jpeg (copy & paste link into browser).I personally had to sync my radar before making any adjustments to the device. After the phone is set up to connect whenever you turn the radar & app on, it will auto-sync (except for sensitivity preferences, you will have to switch to auto manually after turning it on). I have app GPS usage to "Only when app is open".I hope other customers find this review helpful!Edit: Nothing is perfect. There are times when if there is nothing for the radar waves to bounce off of you might be in for a surprise full-alert warning. This radar can detect police radars sometimes miles ahead, and other times it won't go off until you're at the same stoplight as them. The way radar scanners work is very dependable on your surroundings and it is key that you not only know what is going on around you (for any reason you might need a police radar detector) to maximize the detector's efficiency and your chance at being "caught".