Mine came with the newest firmware, newer than Uniden had available for downloading. When you select the menu it first asks if you want the Easy or Advanced menu. I went right for the advanced & holy crap! This thing has a LOT of customizable settings! I was thoroughly impressed.Scanning is completely customizable. Select which bands you want it detect, the range of their frequency to alert, separate alert tones for each, as well as differentiating the arrow colors on the display screen for each. You can set priority for band notifications so if it picks up multiple bogeys it'll alert you in the hierarchy of importance that you've chosen. You can select what speed you want the "quiet mode" to activate to help keep it quiet when rolling through places like a parking lot with automatic door sensors. I could go on & on, but that's what the owners manual is for.The very first time I pulled out of my neighborhood with the R7 it immediately started alerting & kept going. My mind flashed to reviews saying this thing can be chatty & after alerting for 2 miles I assumed it was a false detection, but as I approached mile 3, low & behold there was one of the radar trailers parked & running on the side of the road! My first detection came from 3 miles away! And that was on a residential street through town, not out in the open desert that I bought it for.I am also pleased to say that I don't find the R7 chatty at all. I read that the new firmware that mine came with is supposed to vastly improve filtering false alerts. I haven't experienced an R7 with the old firmware for a comparison, but it is a lot quieter than I expected it to be. There's a single road across the desert to get to where I live, & the population here is over 60K.. so there's literally several thousand cars sharing that one road everyday. I was expecting (per reviews) the R7 to pickup a lot of blindspot monitoring radar while sitting in rush hour traffic, but I've been pleasantly surprised that it actually stays very quiet.So far I've only had it about 10 days, but I'm definitely happy with it & impressed by it. I'll update this review when I've had the detector longer, but as of now I highly recommend the R7 & am definitely happy with my purchase.** Update:The longer I have it, the happier I am with it. The self leaning/muting feature works quite well! Everywhere I go in town it has already mapped & filters out false signals. Between that & the speed setting for quiet alerts I rarely hear this thing. When it does detect, it's usually from 2-3 miles away on straight roads.I thought the arrows were mostly going to be a novelty for me, but I actually do use them. My cousin was in the car a couple nights ago & she asked about the arrows, so I explained the basics to her. 2 miles down the road I hit an intersection that lit this R7 up like a Christmas tree!! Without any further explanation from me, she was immediately noticed the arrows pointing in all directions & showing different frequencies for each direction, proving that it was picking up multiple bogeys & not just radar reflections. Intuitive enough for her to figure out, & detailed enough to clearly differentiate each bogey. I feel that I got my $460 worth from this purchase. (I have a 600hp car & so far, this nanny has done her job well.)