First off delete Scotts scam review as he doesn't know what he's talking about!!Mounted in 2017 Golf R, received the R7 April 18 and have used since then and replaced a Escort Max 360 which I loved.I-5 in Fife Washington is getting hammered by WSP too slow everyone down to 50 and so far have had 5-6 bogeys every morning at 4am for 2 weeks. Scott I have been hit every morning by KA band by 3-6 hits by half a mile easy and no laser is being used by WSP in cars but motorcycle cops use laser almost all the time so watch for them, usually on the way home. Through the Fife area 1 mile before or after set cruise control to 50 and do not speed through this area, EVER!! In two weeks I have been paced from behind going North in this area twice and one cop had his radar on and got him really early with the rear radar as he nailed the truck behind me doing 70 coming up on me doing 65----close but I new he was back there so I was slowing from 75 from just a minute before. One day hit by Laser with R7 but luckily had adaptive cruise set at 65 and had no hit on detector but saw cop point gun at me and switch to others behind me so be careful with laser detection.KA about the same so far as Max 360 but K band is far superior with R7 and people will tell you no K band really in WA but so far 3 hits from WSP and one in Kent Wa with all cops with radar on full time and picked them up so far I thought all were Hondas or GMC, nope. Falsing so far is about same as Max 360 new software update helped a little on Hondas but trip to Oregon this weekend still picking them up but they need to be really close.Trip to Oregon on Thursday mostly quiet especially in Oregon, creepy did 200 miles no cops and even drove all the way around Mount Hood but nothing! No cops, nothing? Hit 120 once or twice maybe not saying I did but had fun and hope no hidden cameras like they use in Oregon but the locals speed quite a bit.Now on the way back to WA going N at about 7am just past Vancouver WA got a K band from the rear in and out with nobody behind for about 1 mile just a small pack that was following a pack I was in doing 75. First thought was a false from a car or something but detector didn't quit alerting and it was getting stronger so my spidey sense didn't feel right so I set cruise again to 70. Finally saw a car come through the pack from behind with led lights wasn't sure what it was and I was losing the pack I was in because I cut 5 mph just to be safe. Guess what a WSP dark grey Dodge went full K band at a mile back once his pack cleared and he went into the slow lane and hit the beans and caught me in a couple of seconds with detector screaming K band all the way and it was only set at 60% K band!! Wife was impressed the detector had him about 5 minutes before and we agreed the detector just paid for itself because earlier we were going quite a bit faster!!!Had one more rear encounter going N at Chehalis WA and picked it up again early with full on K band going into a 70mph zone to 60mph zone so after last encounter set cruise to 60. Guess what another silver dodge WSP doing about 80 from behind hunting for in front speeders, f --- jerks!! Once again wife was watching detector like a Hawk and was amazed how early the R7 was alerting us on K band.Sorry for long review but Scott You Are Wrong!! In two weeks the R7 probably saved me from a couple of tickets at just a bit over.Max 360 is really good and I like some of its features but its K band range doesn't come close to the R7, I think its over filtered, K band is still out there guys!Arrows are a must as I have had several detectors without them but I will never go back to no Arrows.The R7 switches from front to side to rear faster than the Max 360 but not a deal breaker but so far very impressed with R7!!!Need more time with the R7 but Max 360 currently has saved me over the last year at least 10 times but one ticket on Lidar that was my fault because I didn't react fast enough as it actually gave me a enough time but I was too busy ignoring it.Thanks to Vortex but be careful of band segmentation as I had several readings outside of segmentation on both bands and I don't want to go to court to argue these readings. I run wide on all K and KA bands just to be safe and the R7 still has great range.Lots of K and KA over the last Year so don't believe Scott the lazy cops use RADAR not Lidar!!!Oh and the County Cops coming at you in the oncoming lanes almost always have their RADAR on!Good luck and if you don't have a RADAR detector don't go over 5mph over speed limit or you will get a Ticket!!