> Great for the price. Very good sound quality. Very well designed> Comfortable.> Foldable -- very easily, to make more compact for travel or transport. Folds flat (to about 1" thick X 4" X 6"). Some other foldable headphones fold into balls, which are not easily carried in a pocket.> For most uses, mostly listening to audiobooks, I use Panasonic ErgoFit earbuds-HJE120K or Sony MDR-EX15LP earbuds. In comparison, I was blown away with the greatly enhanced base response of the Sony ZX headphones. The better base is actually is not desirable when listening to voice (it muddies the voice-range), but adds a dimension to most music, even for music has little base.> GIVE THEM A CHANCE --- My first impression was poor --- they sounded muddy. Then I remembered that I've had similar first impressions of some other new headphones. It takes a while, maybe 12 hours of use, to "break in" some speakers. So, don't be misled by immediate reactions posted by some other reviewers --- nor your own first impression.> After 12 hours of use, the mid-tones were still a little flat, at least to my aging ears, in the music I listen to --- a little smothered by the base. I need to raise the mids by using an equalizer (such as in Windows Media Player, or built into some devices) for almost any music to sound best to me---but that's generally true of high quality earphones. That is, audiophile headphones have a "flat response"---meaning that they reproduce what was recorded, as is was recorded, without emphasizing the base, midtones, nor high notes. For listening, adjustment is often necessary. If you've never used an equalizer, you'll be stunned by the difference that slight adjustments can make.> The cord is 4' and a few inches long. For me, that is long enough to reach my computer audio plug (but, I added a 1' extension to make it easier). However, in my opinion, the cord is much too long to connect to a cell phone, etc. in your pocket. I'd prefer that the cord plugged into the headphones, so that I could simply purchase cords of the appropriate length.> The plug is angled, at 90 degrees, unfortunately. That means that it won't "cleanly" connect to an extension. If you pull on the extension, you won't easily pull the plug out the socket, but you will put on strain on the cord, and potential damage it. In my experience, this is how most headphones fail. So, I consider the angled plug a significant negative feature, and another reason that replaceable cords are desirable.> The cushions do not look impressive nor luxurious ---but they are very functional They are quite comfortable --- essentially unnoticeable --- and they easily stay in place for many hours of listening. It seems that the "crinkled-tissue" surface grips well, and perhaps allows a little breathing (allowing moisture to escape), contributing to comfort over hours of listening. The "crinkled-tissue" surface material and the flat design help grip the ears lightly without concentrating pressure. In comparison, I've used other headphones with cushions which, least a first impression, gave the impression of greater luxury --- but, I remember some headphones which would not stay in place, and gave me sore ears after a half-hour or so. Not the Sony ZX headphones, they stay in place and I don't get sore ears.> The tightness is not adjustable, so the Sony ZX headphones might be tight on large heads, and loose on small heads.> CAVEAT --- (apparently obligatory if you want to be taken seriously) "Of course, more expensive headphones, deliver higher (audiophile) quality." Yeh, sure. In an era when almost everyone is listening to highly compressed mp3, or even more compressed streamed music (and as a result, the quality of most recorded music is mediocre), I doubt that more than 1 in 100 people, maybe 1 in 1000, can tell the difference between these headphones and "audiophile" headphones --- and even then, only when listening to high quality recordings. And anyone who CAN tell the difference would not be listening to streamed music anyway.> RECOMMENDATIONS --- For most people, instead of fretting about audio quality, consider other features which may be important to you, such as a plug-in cord, wi-fi, adjustable headband tension, noise cancellation, etc. I'm not saying that you need these features --- I'm just saying that if you do, then they may be valid reasons to look at other brands and models. If looking at other models, don't forget to consider foldability, and ear cushion comfort. If you just want good sound (for music) at a good price, you can stop here. For voice (audiobooks and podcasts, etc.) I recommend considering earbuds instead. Sony MDR-EX15LP earbuds are cleaner, clearer and crisper in the voice-range, without fiddling with an equalizer.>>> ASIDE---WHY? There is a direct relationship between the size of a speaker and the sound waves it can best produce. Decades ago, even in home systems, base speakers were 2 feet in diameter. Tweaters 1 1/2 inches across were used for high notes, with various size speakers in between for mid-ranges. It is extraordinary that headphones can reproduce base at all, and an engineering miracle that earbuds can produce even a hint of base. But still, the underlying physics remains. So, most audiophiles will insist on 50mm "drivers" in headsets --- the Sony ZX driver are nominally 35mm diameter -- much smaller. You can "magnify" particular frequencies (by hardware, or with an equalizer), but that is "thinning out" or "watering down" those frequencies. The effect is that you loose detail -- the sound sounds "watered down". So, (theoretically) there will be more detail in the lower range with a headphone with a 50mm driver than these Sony ZX headphones.> The response of good headphones is ideally flat (as in "straight line") --- even if that is not the best sound for most music. That is, ideally, the speakers (including those in headphones) are designed to deliver the maximum accurate detail possible --- what you do with that detail is up to you. Even though you may need to sacrifice some of that detail (with an equalizer) to get the best sound for your ears, from a particular recording, of a specific kind of music. For photographers, it's the same as the difference between RAW files and JPG.> Also (grossly over simplifying), different frequencies of sound (even analog electrical signals in a cable) interfere with each other. So, if you have no base response (or minimal base response) the mid-tones will be cleaner and clearer. Earbud drivers (mostly about 3mm diameter) inherently have a very poor base response, and conversely a good response to treble tones --- and so, theoretically, are great for voice. If you object, "I hear base on my earbuds" --- well yes, but that's an artificially magnified, distorted base, with no detail (it's the same thing if you max out the base with an equalizer). So (all other things being equal -- which is never the case): earbuds for voice, headphones for music, headphones with large drivers for audiophile quality sound. In real life, it isn't so clear --- the quality of the sound is mostly dependent on the genius of designers and manufacturing quality. We all know that airline earbuds are crap for any purpose.> SONY --- Keep in mind that theory and execution are two different things. In my limited experience, Sony execution is uniformly superb. Not the best possible at ANY cost --- but rather, the best possible in any particular price range. Not necessarily "better" than another brand or model --- the mix of features and aesthetics can matter. User's listening habits and preferences matters. But, if I had to purchase a gift for someone, (not knowing their exact preferences) or if I had to grab a product when running through an airport for my own use, it would be Sony every time.