Works great and it allows you to watch anything from your iPhone on any TV that has a HDMI port! Some people on here say it doesn’t for some reason let you watch streaming apps (Netflix, Hulu, YouTube, or just any app that streams any video content) but it’s just simply not true! On any TV that has an HDMI port, which it’s insanely rare that you will even own or use a TV that does not have an HDMI port, you will 100% be able to watch anything on TV with this device that you can watch on your iPhone.I even watch DIRECTV through my DIRECTV app on any TV. It’s a must have especially in a place where there is not a internet connection like in rural areas or just any place with no internet.It just all depends on the type of service you get though if there is no internet connection. But, it all boils down to if you can watch it on your iPhone then you can watch it on a tv with this device. It just simply mirrors whatever is showing up on your iPhone screen. So, as soon as you plug it into your iPhone and then plug it into the TV you will immediately see whatever your screen on your iPhone is displaying!I take this with me every time I travel just Incase the hotel, vacation home, lakehouse, or anywhere that might not have internet, good Wi-Fi signal, or just Incase the place I’m at happens to loose internet service for a while or something? Just remember to invest in a lengthy hdmi cord so you can use it while you are in bed or sitting on the couch.If you do not want to buy a lengthy HDMI cord and you have two at your house then you can always buy an hdmi extension adapter to make two smaller hdmi cords just one longer hdmi cord to help reach wherever you are at. Buy, I highly recommend buying both (lengthy hdmi cord and extension adapter) so in case you go on a trip and the cord isn’t quit long enough you can just add another one from the place you are at, that is if they have another one?I bought a 15’, 20’, and even a 25’ hdmi cord and I have to say the 25’ cord is the one use the most because it’s never not long enough and I always can use the device while I’m in bed or wherever very comfortably.Lastly, since it has a charging port on it which is the best part I might add due to the battery consumption that streaming videos takes up on a phone. It is EXTREMELY IMPORTANT to buy a iPhone chargrging cord (usb to lightning cord) that is much longer than the standard iPhone charging cord. If you want to use the long hdmi cord to use it while in bed or on the couch and you don’t have it charging then it’s pointless to even use the long hdmi cord or even the device itself. You don’t want to be using this and then go out and your phone is almost dead or if you want to use the device to watch something on the tv and your phone is almost dead. My point is you never know where the outlets are going to be in a place you have never been and you are wanting to have it on the nightstand or just close to you so you don’t have to get up and go hit pause, play, or switch to something else to watch.I hope this was thorough enough and helps answer any questions some of you might have. But, I promise this plays any streaming app your tv so please do not listen to anyone saying that it doesn’t because they are for some reason lying or they just have no idea what they are talking about?!Alright, have a great day!!