If you are too lazy to read my essay then I will give a quick rundown:REAL Product - They are real apple earbuds, durable and people are lyingFit / Comfort - They will fit small ears amazingly and feel like nothing is there, big ears not so muchSound - Low end and mid is great. Nothing special, high end slightly lacking but its barely noticableDurability - Lasted me for 1.5 years so far, tough and will survive water (swimming, washing machine)Damage - None. They were perfect and still are right out the boxMic - Dont get for a mic. Its in the speakers themselves and are too quiet, but they are in 2 channels igTangling - They do get tangled but they are easy to untangleOverall - 9.5/10, get if you have small or average ears, they feel like nothing is in your earFULL DETAILED REVIEW:Im writing this to discourage the negative reviews that I see way too much about these things. They are REAL apple made products. They did not come used, broken, or anything. I bought these as I wanted some actual good earbuds that would last. I have used the samsung ones for about 2 years when I broke them, so I tried apple. I found some laying around in school (ik its gross) washed em, and they worked great. Sound quality is actually very good for earbuds, however I havent used any super expensive headphones that would blow me away and make these sound terrible in comparison. The low end or "bass" is very important to me and thankfully it is pretty loud, nothing outstanding or anything though. The High end is kindof lacking but not much, still sounds great. Mid sound is loudest, not overwhelming though, pretty good. Anyway, I lost those, so I ordered them, on Amazon. They came early, unused, undamaged, and they sound great. No complaints and they have lasted me for nearly a year. Now an issue you might have with these buds if at all are 2 things: Fit and Comfort. These will not fit everybody's ears, escpecially big ones. However, they fit in mine perfectly and within a minute I forget I even have anything in my ear, but thats just me. 2 is comfort, which some people have issues with. I think these are incredibly comfortable with the non-silicon tips. They dont hurt, but maybe thats just me. I hate the silicon tips, but some people dont. Either way, you can get used to them. Other things to mention; you can drown these in water or leave them in the wash accidentally and they will work fine. As long as their not in deep water for like over an hour, they should still work. also, Tangling is not a big problem with these. They definetly do get tangled, but they are very easy to ungtangle unlike other buds. Lastly, Microphone. I would not recomment these if you need them to have a good mic. I was surprised to test these and find out the Volume controller that has a mic label on it isnt actually a mic, the phones themselves are. And they are weird. They are wayyyyy too quiet and each but has its own channel, so you can talk into say the left bud and whoever is recieving your mic signal will hear only out the left headphone. You also have to have it so close to your mouth that you are pretty much making out with it. Besides that, they are amazing. Some people with love them, others will hate. If you have small ears, I recomment these. They come in a nice little box too. They will feel like nothing is there. 9.5/10 earbuds in my opinion. Best earbuds I have ever used. GET THEM