Since posting my original middling review on Amazon, the company’s customer service proactively reached out to me with concerns that the earbuds I received may have been a defective item. I must say that floored me because I had previously stated in my review that I had no intention of returning the earbuds... and I am still within window to return them as I write this updated review.Tozo’s customer service offered to either give me a gift card for the purchase price I paid or to give me an upgraded set of Tozo earbuds. Not really interested in the cash, I took them up on the offer of the upgraded earbuds. I received the Tozo T6 earbuds and could not be happier. A quick note on the differences for folks who may be comparing these two:Tozo T10 - I think the bass is better on this pair and after I purchased a fast charging USB-C cord, I am able to get the charging base to fully charge. The key benefits of this one over the T6 is that you can pair each earbud as if it was a separate blue tooth device AND you can pair each/both to two devices at a time. So I would say the Tozo T10’s are for the guy/gal with multiple devices they use daily and bass lovers.Tozo T6 - In hindsight, this is the pair I should have purchased. The charging case is essentially the same size as an Airpods case, it’s IPX8 waterproof has very good bass. The case is noticeably smaller (in a good way) in your pocket. These earbuds have the same quality that I often describe Apple products with: “it just works.” You won’t pair these earbuds separately and with multiple devices at a time... and I don’t care. I love them.So all in, I love Tozo’s products and especially their customer service. Read up on the differences between the Tozo T10 and T6 and make the best decision for yourself... and know that their customer service folks are responsive and want you to be happy! That’s rare and I’m eternally grateful.===============================ORIGINAL REVIEW:It hard for me to rate this product because I want to love it. Here are my pros, cons, things to consider and final thoughts:PROS:-The bass is legitimately excellent. The speaker drivers are better than any wireless earbuds I have ever used. I am not an audophile nor do I buy $150+ headphones but the sound is legit for hip hop, dance, and other similar music.-the sound is also very good. Not excellent, like the base, but it is very good. No complains here.-Other miscellaneous features that I liked were true to description: water protection, battery life, overall build quality.-Price is extremely affordable compared to other higher end alternatives. I'd rather buy three of these than one pair of Beats headphones.-the earbuds batteries never have run out on me. I run/walk for about two hours each day, so I admittedly have never tried to really drain them. When you read the problems below, this will seem more like a pro point.-these earbuds can pair to two devices at the same time. So I usually have my iPad and iPhone paired up without having to switch between them in the settings.CONS:-bluetooth connection - if you follow the instructions, the separate earbuds pair automatically with each other with no problems. the problem is that I feel like there is a 1-10 minute period where the headphones are "searching" for my phone no matter how close it is to me for a successfully, no drop pairing. The sound can cut out or dip for a minimal period while it is going through this phase, but it's annoying.-Using two earbuds at the same time - My usual usage case is walking/standing with my earbuds in and my phone in my pocket. If i tilt my head in one direction or another one or both headphones lose the connection momentarily BUT they do automatically pair back up. It usually goes away the longer I have them in my ears but I am afraid to leave my phone on a table and walk any reasonable distance away. i am not confident they will stay paired if I was on the opposite end of the same room with no obstructions.-Turning off the earbuds. I think this annoys me the most... I may be wrong in this desire, but I wish the earbuds would automatically shut off when I put them in the charging case. They DON'T! I have put them in the charging base for hours and then realized that they were on the whole time. Which means that they do have a charge, but they were draining the base unnecessarily while I thought I had it plugged in and was charging the base and the earbuds. I've bought a fast charging USB C to micro USB charging cord in hopes that it'll help. The current safest thing I can do to get them to turn off faster/automatically is to have both my iPad and iPhone "forget the device" so that it times out versus remains on and draining the batteries.-the base takes forever to fully charge. related to the above point, I have NEVER had a fully charged base unit.Things to consider:If you're still reading this, these are true wireless headphones. I am currently within the return window, but I won't be returning these earbuds. This is mostly because my expectations are low given the price point. My core headphones are a pair of Apple Airpods Pros. So this pair suffers from me comparing them to a $200+ pair that "simply works." Some additional thoughts and tips that are neither pros/cons to me:-You can use each earbud as a separate "device." When you turn on bluetooth you see each earbud listed as a separate bluetooth device. So, follow their recommendation when it says ONLY use the right earbud as your connection via our phone/device. The right will automatically "add in" the left earbud, but the reverse is not true. What this means is that you can pair one earbud to one device and one to another. This sucks when you then want to pair them together again.. so I use the "forget this device" setting after every independent use of the left earbud.In summary, I want to love these earbuds, but the annoying fickle ways that the bluetooth works or momentarily drops whenever I first put them in my ears was something I could have accepted because of my use case. Add in the fact that its an annoying process to get the earbuds to turn off 100% of the time which effectively makes it near impossible to fully charge the base and you understand why I am writing this review. Again, I am not returning them! I love the sound. I almost always use them in exercise use cases or when I know I am going to be acting carelessly or around water/rain or in a situation where I am concerned about potential theft of my Airpod Pros. So as a second bluetooth device, these are excellent. As your primary headphones, I give them a three out of five stars.