I have only owned these earphones for one day (purchased them for $27 on a Lightning Deal), so this "review" is really just my first impressions. I'll update this review if any issues come up that make me reconsider my feelings on IEMs. I am not a hardcore audiophile, but I do appreciate quality headphones and earphones. I'll talk first about my intial impression of the build quality, set up and bluetooth performance and sound quality.The build quality on these Tozo T2 is pretty darn good. The case is well made and very solidly assembled. I have no doubt it can handle a good drop from your pocket onto concrete. I also don't doubt Tozo's claim that the case has an IPX8 rating (and I usually take those types of claims from chinese manufacturers with huge grains of salt). The micro USB port on the case is covered by a rubber seal and the case shuts firmly and is held in place by three heavy earth magnets. The same type of magnets are also used to hold the earbuds in the case when they are charging. They aren't going to rattle loose or pop out unless you want them to come out. The earbuds are also really well made. They have a very solid feel and the plastic doesn't feel cheap at all. Because of these are TWB earphones, they are not the lightest I have used though and, overall, they feel heavier than typical wired bluetooth IEMs. This isn't really a big deal, since I had no issue using them through my workout at the gym this morning, including HIIT session on the treadmill and an intense weight training session. I also tested the Tozo's claims of IPX8 water resistance rating by giving them a wash in the sink and using them in the shower. The held up just fine and it was nice to be able to listen to my tunes during a shower!!! This capability makes these earphones perfect for the beach or pool, where you wouldn't risk more expensive and/or delicate earphones.As for the feature set, I really like the fact that the case for these earphones can be charged using a qi wireless charger. I could have lived with the micro USB, but this just makes the process of charging the case (and earphones) so much easier!! On the other hand, these phones have one button on each bud that controls your phone. Click once and it will pause your music. Click again and the music will restart. Those are only media functions these buttons serve. Other than that, the buttons are used for accepting, rejecting or hanging up on phone calls. It would have been nice if you could use them to change music tracks and control the volume. Other earphones in this price range ($40 list price) have these capabilities, but they don't have the waterproof rating or the wireless charging capability. So, you have to choose what is more important to you.As for bluetooth connectivity, set up is as easy as everyone claims. Take the IEMs out the case, they go into pairing mode and connect to each other. They show up as available on your phone's bluetooth menu, and you click on the right earphone--that's it. The automatically turn on and connect to the phone when the IEMs are removed from the case. This makes them very simple and easy to use. Due to their size (although they are not large by any means), it does take a little longer to get them comfortably situated in your ear than most wired IEMs (bluetooth or otherwise). This is probably true for most TWB IEMs (with a few exceptions). Once situated, they do stay where they are suppose to, although you need to make sure you are using the correct sized earphone tips. The medium sized silicone tips that came pre-installed on the earphones fit me just fine and held the earphones firmly in place. However, I am currently using a pair a medium sized comply foam tips (they did not come with the earphones), since they are comfortable and hold the earphone securely in place (and create a better seal than silicon tips IMO).Before I get into sound quality, this is an element that is very subjective. Although I am not a hardcore audiophile, I care about sound quality and have invested in some well respected headphones and IEMs (Grado S80s, Audio Technica ATH-M50X, Shure SE425, Tin Audio T2, KZ AOS10 etc).. I tend to like a earphones that have a fairly neutral sound, but are capable of generating tight controlled base (which can be brought out using the equalizer on your phone or tablet). These are NOT neutral sounding earphones. In fact, it sounds to me as if Tozo designed these earphones with a fixed EQ setting that overly emphasizes bass (particularly in the lower and mid range). This causes the bass to bleed over into the mids. If you ever listened to a 5.1 surround sound system where the subwoofer's crossover is set too high and at too high of a volume (creating that booming/overwhelming sound), these earphones have that effect. There is also some sibalence in these earphones--far from the worst I heard, but it is definitely present (especially for female vocals). These are earphones that are tuned for bassheads, but the 8mm drivers used by Tozo don't have the chops to really deliver clean quality bass. Tozo would have been better off not trying to put a fixed EQ setting in these earphones and left them with a balanced setting, which anyone can tweak to their taste using the EQ on their phone.In short, these are NOT the best sounding earphones I have ever heard. The sound quality is on par with a set of wired Philips Extra Bass headphones that you can buy for $15 at CVS or Rite Aid (which is they type of earphone that most people use). What makes them special is the fact that for $39 ($27 if you got them on a lightening deal), ,these earphones are rugged TWB earphones that are waterproof, come with a waterproof case that also serves as wireless charging base, and is, itself, capable of being charged with a Qi wireless charger. They aren't going to replace my Shure SE425, but they will compete with my superior sounding Tin Audio T2 (which I have connected via an MMCX Fiio bluetooth cable) for time at the gym and certainly during the summer at the beach and pool. I don't have much experience with other TWB earphones, but it doesn't seem like Tozo's competitors are offering anything significantly better in the sub-$50 range--so this is about as good as it gets for now (I am sure things will be much different in a year or two).