I don't know that there's such a thing as a "Bluetooth expert" but I'm about as veteran as they come - I've used Bluetooth headsets regularly since before Bluetooth even existed on phones (yeah, when you had to have an adapter to plug into your old 3.5mm jack). We're talking nearly 20 years of experience using Bluetooth. But those are stories for another day.I'll cut straight to it - there is no better Bluetooth headset I've found below $50 that work as well as these. I'd even argue that they're better than most headsets over $100 I've used. Could the mic be better? Perhaps. But I admittedly use these 95% of the time to listen to music/podcasts/videos on my phone. If I really want to talk to someone on a BT headset, I use my plantronics set with superior noise cancellation (I can have running water in front of me while conversing and the other person just hears my voice loud and clear).These bad boys last a LONG time - we're talking 8+ hours - and they work one bud at a time so I can literally charge one while using the other and hours later when it's running low I simply swap one bud for the other, charging the dying bud with the fresh one and never skip a beat on whatever I'm listening to. One expensive BT bud brand, for example, only works in the left ear or both ears but the right ear doesn't work on its own. Why the hell would they design it this way?! Once your left bud runs out of juice, you cannot just swap to the right bud you have to wait for lefty to recharge. Horrible design...These also connect quickly and easily (some BT buds or headsets are a PAIN) and stay connected! They're also water proof - I wear them in the shower almost daily (have I mentioned how I listen to podcasts almost all day long?)I've tried a handful of "cheap" BT buds with very similar design/price range and this one outperforms them all with all things considered. And the case even charges wirelessly! Can't say that with half of the ones I've tried in this range. I've even tried the T6 and while I like it, I still prefer the T10 - the T6 charges in the T10 case but T10 doesn't charge in the T6.Really the only con I can think of - besides call quality perhaps - would be the sensitivity of the touch button on the unit. But I rarely have an issue accidentally activating it and the ease of using the touch button to turn on/off, connect, pause/play etc is far better than any other BT bud I've used. Some are so poorly designed you can only imagine the designer hates humanity and is getting his revenge on it...