These TOZO T10 earbuds have turned out to be great. At first I wasn't so sure, but after a month of using them, traveling and at home, I really like them. I'm still not completely comfortable with how easily they could fall out and get lost, but other than that, they're fabulous.The sound is ideal, in my opinion. Just the perfect balance of bass, treble and mid range.The noise cancelling is really good. I don't usually wear both at the same time, because I want to be able to hear my surroundings (for safety), but when I have worn both on the airplane and at home, they do a really good job of blocking out external noises.The charging case is awesome. I typically wear one earbud at a time and then switch to the other one when the battery gets low in the first. I'd say it's probably 6 hours before I get the low battery warning.The individual buds switch on/off and connect without any effort other than taking them out of the case.The charging case can recharge the earbuds a few times, before the case itself needs charging.I like that the case charging port is a USB C. My other personal devices all use the same cable, so I don't have to carry a different one for this. The earbud case does come with its own charging cable included, if needed. It is a power only cable (not for data transfer).The instructions say the case is wireless charging as well. I don't do any of that wireless charging stuff myself, but for those of you that do, it says the case can be charged that way too.The "lanyard" that came with it I found to be useless, as it was just a narrow strap with a tension buckle that wouldn't hold tight. So instead, I just used a lanyard I already had - easy fix.I like that I can wear the case around my neck, which was very convenient while traveling, so I didn't have to search through a bag to find it, and had them easily accessible.Recently, I started using them with my TV at home, which was such a great discovery! I didn't even think about using them for that, until I read another reviewer mention it. I was so excited when I found that they worked really well with my Fire TV. Interesting thing is that when the earbuds are connected the volume level changes to 50+, but the normal volume when they're not connected I have set at 13. When I first saw the 50+ volume level my concern was that it would stay at that level when they disconnected. But I was happy that when they disconnected the volume reverted to the normal level. Whew!When the earbuds are connected to the TV, I can change the volume up/down with the remote like normal, as well as with the earbuds (hold left for down, hold right for up). Another reviewer said they couldn't adjust the volume, but I don't have any trouble doing so. Noted exception: changing the volume down using the left earbud only works when both earbuds are connected. If only one is connected then the earbud will only increase the volume, not decrease it.The earbuds are comfortable for wearing a long time. I have small ears/auricles so most earbuds are too big around and make my ears sore after just a short time. These TOZO earbuds are a good size and don't make my ears hurt, even after wearing 8 hours. I use the smallest ear cap (it comes with 4 sizes).I also like that the earbuds are almost identical in shape, so they're basically interchangeable, even though there is a left and a right earbud. Since I usually just wear one at a time, and I like to wear in my left ear, I can switch earbuds when the battery gets low and wear the right one in my left ear.The only minor improvement, in my opinion, would be if the headset part was a bit narrower and the stem that goes into the ear canal was just a touch longer, which would give a more secure seating to not fall out as easily and have a more direct sound angle. But that's just a personal preference, not anything negative about the product.Overall, I would highly recommend these earbuds and would buy again.Update 8/22/2022: I've had a couple phone calls using these earbuds, and both calls the other person said I was hard to hear or was breaking up. When I switched to my wired earbuds then the other person could hear me fine. So, in my experience, these wireless earbuds are great for listening, but not great for calls where you need to be heard clearly. I would still buy them again, but for listening use only.