Despite the fact that I have several wired "wireless" bluetooth headphones for my devices, I have friends who use Airpods with their iPhones, and it looked rather convenient to have such a small device ready at the moment's notice while out and about. So I decided to shop around and see what I could find. This is my first foray into a device of this style, you know - completely wireless, but so far I am very pleased with them.My first concern was size. Airpods have that little stick portion that hangs out of the ear, and there are several Android styles similar to that, but I have a few pairs of Skullcandy earbuds that use this model's offset ear canal design, and I find them far more comfortable than older, straight line earbud designs. The TOZO earbud is a good size, and the weight is very comfortable in the ear. It is not difficult, even with how small they are, to pick them out of the case, or to fit them into the ear when needed. The directions included make it easy to understand how to use them, but if you fit the right size cups, and then insert and twist like you are told, you will have a tough time shaking the buds loose. That said, I still bought the Amazon 3 Yr Warranty, it's $5, just in case something happens, better than shelling out another $40.OF NOTE: I read several reviews of people who didn't seem to understand the interchangeable ear cups. The fact is that everybody has different size ear canals, so you have to take the time upfront to try out each size cup in your own ear to find the best fit, then use that pair of cups on your buds. If you, like my wife, don't like ANYTHING in your ears, then this is NOT the product for you, so don't buy it and then review it like it should be an over-ear headphone.My second concern was sound quality. I am definitely a techie, and an audiophile, though not to the level of snobby hipster, if I say so myself. The TOZO buds play my Amazon music from my phone (LG G8) with good clarity and nice sound, but I had to play with my phone's equalizer to shift the tonal quality around, remove some of the highs because it was a bit tinny on the normal phone settings. Once I shifted it around, I found that the Hip Hop EQ gave the best sound, no matter what music style I was listening to (in case you are curious, I tried some rock with Hoobastank and Avenged Sevenfold, some country with Sam Hunt, and then R&B with Tank and Ne-yo, and it sounded excellent across that entire spectrum in Hip Hop EQ). If your device has EQ settings, I absolutely recommend you adjust those to find your musical sweet spot! The only thing that I took one star for in this area is that, even with volume for my buds turned up to 100% on my phone, the buds themselves did not thrash my eardrums, which is probably a good thing, saving my volume for my old age, but sometimes, you need to headbang to death metal and want it LOUD. Considering the size of the buds speaker driver, they are adequately loud, and with it fitted snugly in the ear canal, it does a great job of reducing external noise. Totally plan on using these for when I am riding my mower or working in my wood shop!Next: Bluetooth connectivity. The pairing process is super easy, because the button design is simple. Unlike some of the other buds on Amazon, these are not "touch-style" but have a mechanical "click" button. Fantastic! Nothing worse than something tapping your bud in the middle of your favorite jam and then having to stop whatever you are doing to fix it. Some people noted that TOZO has R or L models, but the reality is that you can use either bud independently. The model choice just assigns the default earbud, because some people have an ear preference. If you want to use either one, then take the time to actually pair both in your bluetooth menu, and then you just have to pick the active one if it doesn't sync automatically. Handy when the primary bud is dying in the middle of a phone call! Besides all of that, they normally pair quickly without any actions needed on the device, and they will give you little beeps and messages in your ear to let you know that everything is working, so you don't have to pull your phone out and look to make sure. Nicely done, TOZO!Bonus features: The case is sized nicely, fits in the pocket comfortably, but it is definitely larger than an Airpods case. Not a big deal for me, as a jeans or cargo shorts kind of guy, but I can imagine for a woman wearing yoga pants or skinny jeans, that might be an issue. Case is QI wireless charging capable, which is FREAKING AWESOME. Totally recommend wireless charging like other reviewers have said, incredibly convenient and saves your phone from the infamous "broken usb port" problem. Same thing here, and the "grab and go" functionality this provides for your buds cannot be understated! Holds enough charge to keep your buds going for about 30 hours, longer if you only use one bud at a time like I do at work. I have not tested the waterproof capability, but the buds seem well constructed and tightly sealed, so I believe their claims would probably be well founded. They do state in the instructions that they cannot be used submerged (but aren't they IPX8? wait for it...), not because of the waterproofing, but because you won't get signal underwater from the bluetooth device, which makes some sense.So to sum up, TOZO has taken their earlier designs up to a new level with a solid construction, great style and fit, and good sounding speaker to deliver a comfortable earbud that gives an Airpod-like experience for those of us with Android or regular bluetooth devices. 5 Stars overall!