After like 9 sets of over-ear headphones, I've FINALLY found my winner! I've heard other Skullcandy stuff before, so I'd have literally chosen these DEAD LAST for who I suspected would be my favorite. I literally scowled at their stuff when I saw it in stores. NOT ANYMORE!!! I'll start with the cons, since that's the easiest thing to get out of the way.Cons: My only complaint is comfort. They aren'y UNcomfortable, they're just NOT comfortable. But for the first time ever, I don't even remotely care. They clamp tighter than I like (I use them for VERY long sessions, so the lighter, the better). Also, the cups are slightly too small for my ears to relax in. Most people as picky about sound as me (I'm literally a sound guy) can hear that they aren't "premium" in that department. These are NOT for listening to lossless sound, but if you're dealing with lossless, why are you even dabbling in this price bracket, yo? But as someone that can HEAR a VBR mp3 change it's bitrate, these still sound great overall.Pros: Can definitely feel a more premium material feel than sub $100, so that's good. The slit on top for bald guys is actually VERY nice! Only time I've ever seen that and it DOES make a difference! I can't believe I'm gonna say this about Skullcrusher, but the sound is actually AWESOME. I always hate having to EQ new sets for an hour or 2 as soon as I get em. These are exactly where I like it, out of the box. Maybe a TINY bit more lows could be better, but I'd rather just leave it because of the bass "booster". It doesn't actually bring out any more bass than what's there, it's more like a vibrator for your headset (and depending how high you set it, your actual head, lol). What's neat is that it actually REALLY improves the listening experience WITHOUT having to ruin how it sounds! REALLY adds to immersion when gaming, ESPECIALLY in racing games where you can FEEL your V8! Easily the COOLEST feature of ANY headphone set anywhere!Conclusion: I'm going to have to slowly buy more of these, because I don't think I can ever go back to regular sets after this. That "booster" is THAT cool! No BS, before half "boost", these can BLUR YOUR VISION! Doing something where you don't want that? They were BRILLIANT and put the slider for it on the other side, so it's VERY easy to find, away from everything else.The greatest word choice in the WORLD cannot do these things justice. You have to EXPERIENCE them to understand them. But go ahead and pass on them. More inventory for me to eventually buy anyway!