There are review sites around that test headphones and earbuds and as far accuracy in frequency response and imaging, these earbuds outrank most other brand's more expensive earbuds.I have the JBL Tune 600BTNC headphones which are a great over the ear headphones and these earbuds sound just as good and even a bit clearer. That's hard to do. Both, these 230NC and the 600BTNC have bass between 20Hz and 100Hz elevated by 3db to 5db, the 230NC being a bit more accurate. That's Ok because I like my bass a few decibels higher.These earbuds have really good punch as well as ultra low bass down to 20HZ. Comparing these 230NC to your subwoofer is a great way to see how good or weak your subwoofer is. Since these 230NC earbuds are accurate from 20Hz to 60Hz within 1db or +4db above 100Hz, most subwoofers can't provide the bass these earbuds can.The clarity in the midrange and treble is great, and without elevation to make music sound bright and fatiguing.I have tried the JBL Club Pro Plus and Tune 125TWS and neither would seal correctly or be comfortable to wear more than 10 minutes. Mainly because of the big club at the end of the actual ear piece. Those earbuds don't fit good in every ear because they are big. The 230NC doesn't have club at the end of the earpiece but a small thin stalk like most "wired" earbuds that fit everyone good. These 230NC with their long thin stalks fit my ears good and seal good, plus they are actually more comfortable than my 600BTNC headphones. The Club Pro Plus actually hurt my ears and left them in pain for an hour after only wearing them for 10 minutes.These 230NC earbuds sound great, seal good, and are comfortable enough to wear for hours. I don't see doing any better than some $300 earbuds or headphone for sound quality.The one thing they fall down in and so do my 600BTNC is that they use the lower class active noise cancelling instead of the adaptive noise canceling. Honestly they sound great even in a noisy plant with the active noise cancelling.For the price slashing Amazon does to the retail price, they are a bargain IMO.The only thing I wish they had was function to test if they are sealed correctly like the Club Pro Plus had in it's app. That way you know you are getting the maximum bass response that these earbuds can produce. I simply test using music with ultra low bass that I'm very familiar with.