Part 2 of my 3-prong plan to sleep well in less than ideal circumstances. My upstairs neighbor, the first I have ever had, is quiet all day, then at 8p, when I'm in bed to wake up at 4:30, he starts up in his kitchen, doing odd things right above my bedroom.He is unfortunately a terrible person who refuses to heed warnings about noise and stomps in anger if I tap my ceiling, so I had to figure out a way to keep my earbuds in all night.That's right, I'm already someone who cannot sleep well unless she's listening to something. Up until I moved into this apartment, I was able to use one wireless earbud, my high velocity fan, and bam.Well, the loud vibrations of the jack*** above me, shaking the ceiling, cannot be drowned out with one earbud. So I looked into earbuds I could wear comfortably all night, and which wouldn't fall out from my constant turning and tossing.These were recommended to me, and I'm glad. They are comfy, even for a side sleeper like me. They are a bit big for my head, which I found odd since I usually have an issue with things being too small--I use bobby pins and barrettes to keep it on all night, otherwise it will be laying next to me in the morning.The sound is quite good for the price! Granted I'm usually just playing a rain soundscape but other videos and music sound decent through them too.The battery life is okay. They drain about halfway down each night, so I charge them daily to make sure I get through the night without them dying.The button panel on the front is a little odd and clunky to use, but you eventually get the hang of it. I try not to mess with it, as I put on a playlist of soundscapes and shouldn't need to change anything. But if you wake up and need to put this back on through bleary eyes, just hope you're conscious enough to get it right-side up.FINALLY, please invest in some earplugs while you're at it. Amazon suggested I buy earplugs with this purchase, which opened my eyes to the full potential of the product. I bought some comfy disposables that are cozy for side sleeping, and they feel great even with these headphones over them. Plus, I get the full effect of the product: ultimate noise canceling and blasting my limited hearing with the only sounds I want to hear while I sleep. It's a sleep aid one-two punch, and I don't recommend using these without them.