I've purchased more than a few of these sleep headphone headband things. A million look-alike knock off brands with cheap builds, poor materials, and uncomfortable unpadded earcuffs/unkempt wires inside them. I think this is the brand they're all knocking off, not sure, don't care.All I know, is that of the ones I've used, these are the best. One pair was wired, they died within a couple months and were impossible to wash anyways because of the elements inside them being completely uncovered. Then I got a wireless pair from some other brand that looked identical. Still no covers on the elements, no padding for the speakers, so they were uncomfortable to lay on if you're a side sleeper like me. I got used to them, despite how annoying certain aspects of them were, but they died within a month.These ones so far have yet to have any issues, and the speakers and elements actually have padding and covers now, so they're much more comfortable. The headband itself also feels much less scratchy and is almost plush compared to those others. The charging cable is much nicer, and the pockets holding all the wires are padded and tighter so the speakers and wires don't get tangled or drift too much. It can also be opened up to remove the wiring and battery if you want to wash the headband. An added benefit to actually having housing around the element is that the sound is much better, more natural like other headphones sound. Seems some other brands don't understand that the padding and covers over speakers or headphones isn't just for comfort, but actually part of the sound and speaker design to frame the soundscape.Only minor complaint is the volume control. Thankfully it remembers the level you had it at before, as you will want to adjust the volume with your phone. The voice and control sounds on all these bluetooth headphones is extremely loud and obnoxious. The warning for turning it all the way down or all the way up is an ear-piercing electronic blare. The voice telling you it's powering on or off is also very loud even if you turn the volume on the headphones down, so I tend to power them on before I actually start wearing it, and make sure the volume is maxed out so I can just adjust with my phone instead.Overall, these are the best pair of "sleep headphones" I've used, and despite my annoyance with the bluetooth sounds, that's unfortunately just a fairly standard announcer and beep code setting for many speakers and headphones I've found, so it's not a unique problem to these.