After buying the WF-10000XM4's and losing the case (replacement is $150. I paid $225 ish for the set), I thought I'd give the WH's a try. I got them for $228 or so, so opted to not get the XM5's due to the price difference. I've only had them for barely a week, but my initial thoughts are certainly positive.Fit. Here's the deal, I have some big ears, with 3/4" gauges. With my gauges in, I do get some pain in my neck. I have pain issues, so this was no surprise, nor is it a fault of the design. My ears fit fairly comfortably inside the cups to help lock out sound, minus the gauges. The polypropylene(?) material is quite soft and moldable, making wearing them for an hour or more easy and comfortable.I have a kinda funny shaped head (IMO. But I'm highly critical of myself and the world), but these look really slick placed on my dome. I got black, because black goes with everything, and I don't wear color. Look and fit much better than cans I've owned in the past.Noise cancelation. The ANC is good, but not great. I found the ANC on the WF's more thorough, which is a bit odd considering they're earbuds. However, they do form a more legit seal in the ear canal, so it could be that. There is some "hissing", but part of that is also my tinnitus. I find that there seems to be some slight hissing even with the ANC off. It's akin to being in a super silent room, and you hear the "hissing" from an AV system with it powered on, but with no sound. I've not flown with them yet (Which is a huge reason why I got these), but I assume they'll be just fine for passenger and engine noise.Sound quality. So, I'm pre-burn in on the drivers. There is usually 100 hours or so of burn in on every new speaker/driver on the planet, and these are no different (I have not researched this in actuality. I was in AV for several years, and have some knowledge). But, so far, they sound very pleasant and accurate. I opted for an EQ setting (Excited) just to bring out certain details in the instrumental/electronic music I'm currently listening to. You can hear the trilling of the tongue on a flute, and the fingers against guitar strings. The detail is fairly rich, while maintaining a fairly neutral overall tone. The sounds seem to be reproduced fairly accurately and are fantastic for instrumenal music.For the price I paid, these are great. However, for the normal asking price of around $350, I expect the soundstage and sound field to be superior to what it is. It is evident that you are hearing music played through 2 speakers often times, instead of an amalgamation of speakers 180 degrees in front of you, or listening to a live performance where the sound comes from everywhere. Think of this as 3D sound if you will, similar to Dolby Atmos. I understand they have the real 3d audio whatever, but right out of the box, they should be fully immersive.Battery life/Bluetooth. Battery life seems to be ok with ANC on. I use ANC exclusively because I like to drown out reality while listening, especially during meditation. I suspect you could easily get 8 hours of consistent listening with ANC on before needing to recharge, which is plenty for half the flights on this side of the world (North America). What else can I say about battery life??Bluetooth connectivity is very strong and nearly instant. I can walk from my apartment to my neighbors apartment with my phone in my apartment and still have unbroken connectivity. THAT is freakin awesome.Overall, I'm very pleased with these cans, especially for the price I got them at. At the normal asking price, I'd recommend checking out the XM5's since their so similarly priced. If you're looking for a solid set of cans, and these are on sale, don't mess around, just buy them. You won't be disappointed.