I'll be the first one to admit, I hate writing reviews and never do. But to be quite honest, I love these so much that I just had to tell somebody.Given the size of my inner ear and having piercings, wearing Airpods was just becoming more of an annoyance than anything. I knew I needed to look into over the ear headphones, since my ears hurt pretty badly after hours of wearing inner ears.I did tons of research trying to find something of a similar quality as the higher end headphones, but without the $400+ price tag. Eventually, I came to the conclusion that these were the right choice. I'm usually pretty picky about sound quality, having subs in my car and messing with equalizers all the time, etc. That being said, I've never been lucky enough to have $400 headphones so I genuinely don't have a baseline to compare in terms of quality between this pair and more expensive ones.That being said, these were worth every dollar and then some. I can't believe I was considering shelling out for the high end, and I'm happy I didn't. I love the amount of customization available with the app. There are many presets to choose from, plus a custom EQ option. Not many channels to adjust but it's enough to make a difference if you want to play around and find your mix. The bass is amazing for something this cheap compared to other brands. Sound quality is top notch and exceeded my expectations. I wasn't purchasing these for noise cancellation since I mostly listen at home by myself, so I couldn't vouch for public space use. But if you're on the fence about which headphones to get without spending ridiculous amounts of money, I cannot recommend these enough.I used to have to listen with just one airpod because of my piercings, and figured I would survive and didn't need surrounding sound. I'm not even kidding, I cried when I used these for the first time. I haven't heard music like this in years. With a little tuning and playing with the EQ presets, it feels just like being at a concert and I can hear every single aspect of the song, right down to the singer's enunciation. I haven't heard the actual bass of a bass player in who knows how long, and now I can pick it out easily. I was seriously neglecting the music lover in me by putting these off for so long. If listening to music is something that's important to you and you don't want to spend crazy amounts of money to do so, please give these a try. I don't know how I ever lived without them.