Sound:- I was pretty amazed by the quality at first but then I realized the high-end is extremely harsh on my ears. The high end is jarring. I have to tune my phone equalizer way down. The SPL curves are probably not smooth. Since I have tinnitus from too many loud concerts, I am concerned about the effects on my ears. I compared them to the Skull Candy ones priced at $70. The Skull Candy definitely had a cleaner more consistent sound but they seemed to lack in the high end. It likely depends on the user preference.Noise Cancelling:- I actually didn't know they had this feature until I tried them on and realized I couldn't hear people talking to me in the house. I found them to work better than Bose over-the-ear noise canceling headphones and now use these on the airplane, just on with no music for quiet. Note that they do not have the ability to turn off the noise canceling therefore these are not suitable for biking/jogging as you cannot hear your environment. This is dangerous. I noticed that feature existed on the $50 Skull Candy ones - they had a noise canceling off AND active environment pass-through mode so it was as if you didn't have any ear bud.Fit:- I'm not a fan of the fit. They are hard to seat right in my ears where the pressure isn't either uncomfortable or it's too loose. If it's not seated right in the ear you will hear no low end sound. Just the slightest movements dramatically change the sound quality. This is a bit frustrating. I find pressing them into my ears is a bit uncomfortable with the pressure or vacuum feeling. Once you get it right they tend to stay until you touch them to press the buttons.Control:- I have difficulty using the more advanced controls. Obviously hold is volume up and double tap is forward. I find it annoying to tap them while on my ears causing it to pressurize my ear drum. I have to do it lightly. Turning off is odd because you have to hold for a long time. There was another issue I found that these are extremely sensitive buds, so the volume gets VERY loud. Dangerously loud. These will absolutely damage your ears. They need to change that. I had a bud in my pocket and the touch sensor turned the volume all the way up. When I started the music I nearly blew out my ear drum. With the phone calls, be careful using the volume up, I always end up hanging up the call.Phone/Mic:- This works OK only in quiet environments. Any noisy environment gets picked up and the other line will tell you immediately they cannot hear you.Case:- Travel case is great. Other brands have large cases I can't fit in my pocket. This one is very travel friendly.Design:- The buds are too slippery. They need grip on the sides either just some plastic perforation would be enough. It's hard getting them out of the case if your hands are not perfectly dry, even then you have to squeeze. The other issue is handling them is difficult and they easily slip from your hands and fall to the ground. When you're in the gym locker room bathroom this is never ideal.Battery:- No complaints with the case charger. I found it needing charge every 5 days when I use them a few hours a day.