K so I bought these back in March 2020 & a second pair in April 2020. I've owned and used these for over 2 years now. I gave away one pair and I kept the other. After 2 years of ownership, here has been my experience:DESIGNGreat design. It looks good, some people thought I had apple airpods. Had a couple friends ask me about my earbuds because they liked the way they looked. I am impressed because after 2 years, they still look pretty good. The silver lining has held, and I've dropped them a TON. The outline on the top with L & R hasn't faded AT ALL. The paint is peeling a bit, but like come on, 2 years.FUNCTIONALITYIt's easy to pair with your phone. After ownership for around a year, I started running into this extremely annoying problem where the left earbud would die for some reason and the right earbud still had 70% battery remaining. That has been super obnoxious. Mid-run my left earbud just dies.. Never been able to figure it out.The other extremely annoying thing that started happening after a while is that when I put them into the charging case, they turn on and then pair with my phone and if I'm listening to music then it gets zoinked from my speaker/headphones and goes to those earbuds.. sooo annoying & it happens almost every time.Now, the water resistant feature is the saving grace of these things. I LOVE taking a shower with my earbuds in, or running without worrying about my sweat ruining my buds, or even in the rain. I haven't tried completely submerging them, but in 2 and a half years of having them I have never had any situation where I needed that. They have held against the water this entire time. So I am extremely happy about that. Best feature ever.The buttons on the side work great, they've always worked.The mic doesn't work that great. People have a hard time hearing me if I talk to them through my earbuds. Don't buy it if you want to make a ton of calls with them.BATTERY LIFEPretty great except for what I already mentioned about the left side above. The charging case is convenient, although it seems to have lost its touch over the years. I just plug them in.I can probably go for around 5-6 hours of play before the left earbud wigs out after 2 1/2 years, so pretty dang good.Something that is extremely annoying is that when the battery gets low a voice comes on saying "low battery, please charge" like a million times. I would rather that it says it one time and then just shuts up until it goes dead. I'm not stopping the middle of my workout to plug in my earbuds. I'll go till they are dead and just finish the workout. So that is super annoying; brace yourself for that. It ruins the last 10% of battery capacity.BATTERY CASEWorks well. Also held its integrity for this whole time. The only thing about it is the rubber cap on the back for the charging port is the hardest thing to get off and it is super annoying. I ended up just ripping it off, way easier.You can see the status of the case without having to open it, that is great. High quality, I've also dropped this a million times and it always has worked. So overall decent!SOUND QUALITY, NOISE CANCELATION, & COMFORTAmazing quality. I love the sound quality. Great bass, literally cancels 100% of the noise when you turn it up mid volume and you put them in right. I love that part. I can get in the zone very easy. They have never come out of my ears even in the most rigorous workouts. I'd feel totally confident to go white water rafting with these in. Clear vocals on the high end. Wonderful sound.CONCLUSIONIf I gave these a review after only a month it would have been 5 stars. After a ton of usage over the years, I struggle choosing between 3 and 4 stars, because of the great features and benefits but the annoying parts that make life suck sometimes.I would recommend these to a friend because of the price point. You won't find a better earbud for this price, honestly. I've had these for 2 and a HALF YEARS and I still use them. Despite the occasional annoyance, I never felt like I needed to buy another set of earbuds. I love the ones I got.Would I recommend you make the purchase? Absolutely. Like I said before, you won't get a better bang for the buck.Overall a great product.