I have used Bose NC700 for the past year, but saw these on sale for a great price and decided to try them. I had the XM4’s for a short time but had to return them because they were too creaky while wearing them. Luckily I have not had that same issue so far with the XM5’s. My biggest priorities for headphones is comfort, sound quality (both for music and phone calls), and noise cancellation.ComfortThe XM5’s have ear cups that are slightly larger than the XM4s and they also look slightly larger than the NC700s. This helps them go over the ears better. However, the NC700s have slightly thicker padding which makes the inside of the cup a little deeper. For this reason, I would say that the NC700s are a bit more comfortable for long periods. The XM5s are very comfortable, but after a couple of hours, I definitely start to feel them more than the NC700s. But both are great.Sound QualityThis is a matter of preference, but I prefer the deeper bass and fuller sound of the XM5s. I would say the NC700s have a more balanced sound, with far less low end. The XM5s really give a nice full bass, without it being over-bearing. I do prefer a bit more lower end than what the Bose provides. So for me, I prefer the sound quality of the XM5s quite a bit more than the NC700s.Call QualityI use my headphones for work calls several hours a day. Both the XM5 and the NC700 have great call quality and will work really well if you use them for phone calls or Zoom meetings a lot. I think I’d give the edge to the XM5s because they block out ambient noise slightly better than the NC700s, but the difference is negligible.Noise CancellationI mean, these are high end headphones and both do a great job with noise cancellation. I will say, I was surprised at how much noise the XM5s can block out. They block out voices and medium pitched noises better than the NC700s. They are both great with lower pitched things like plane noise. But I think the XM5s do a better job overall.Build Quality and DesignThis is where the Bose NC700s are just better than the XM5s. The build of the NC700s is just beautiful. They feel substantial without being too heavy, and there isn’t a seam anywhere. I also think they just look amazing. The XM5s do have seams around the ear cups and they feel much more plasticky. The XM5s are not bad, but they just are not as good as the NC700s as far as design and build quality.Battery LifeThe battery on the NC700 lasts me around 13 or 14 hours. The XM5s last around 25 hours. So it’s a pretty big difference. Charging speed seems about the same with both.Odds and EndsFeatures of each are similar. They both offer pass through audio and it works well on both. Touch controls work equally well on both. The case of the XM5s is a little bigger than the NC700s, if that matters to you. One small difference that may make a difference to some is that if you want to use the cord to plug them into a 3.5mm headphone jack, the end the plugs into the NC700s is 2.5mm. So if you lose the included cord, you will need a specific type of aux cord to replace it (2.5mm to 3.5mm). Whereas the XM5 uses a regular 3.5mm to 3.5mm aux cord.Overall I do like these Sonys better. I just wish they had the comfort and build quality of the Bose. But because of the superior noise cancellation and sound quality, I’m going to be using the Sonys from now on.