If you want 100% Noise Cancellation, use ear plugs that are made for it not a pair of Bluetooth Headphones. Does it work great if you’re playing music or something, yeah. Having Noise Cancellation with music playing does help focus more on the songs. I wouldn’t rate the “Surround Sound”/360 audio as mind blowing, but it does the job. That being said, it’s amazing how clear some sounds can be, such as in Call of Duty… or Minecraft. Zero disappointment if you want clear audio since the ear cushion works wonders (Not sure how long they will last though). As for charging and using the audio Jack at the same time since Bluetooth doesn’t work while it’s charging, I found it a horrible experience. Just get a good charging brick, a decent length usb-c cable and charge the thing once it reaches 20%. Go eat, take a walk or do it in your sleep but that battery wasn’t lying about being able to reach 30 hours. Though I would only limit it to 20-24 hours before checking the battery limit by pressing the power button again and hearing it tell you the power level. I don’t plan on killing the battery health and you should too for this price point. As for the range, Bluetooth 5 is impeccable especially with a quality device and limited walls between you, your pc and the kitchen. As for volume control, it changes it by small increment, though holding on to the right pad with your palm does activate transparency mode and lower the volume so you can hear someone talk. Downloading the app will show you a few things btw. It’s just a little overpriced by maybe $80 bucks, but you can’t deny the microphone quality. It’s quite good on mobile but if you use OBS to record there is always that noise. That being said, it does isolate my voice quite well in a loud environment and the Noise Cancellation keeps me from hearing anyone talk though to how high I have the volume playing my content to immerse myself. But like I said, without any content playing you can still hear stuff through the noise cancellation but once you play something else on top it’s gold. If there was once feature they should’ve added it would be dual control on both ear cuffs instead of just the right. I’m not left handed but it would increase usability since I don’t always get the action I want done though to me lying down or whatnot and my hand gesture was a little off from the four main directions. Also can we get a PC App or settings? I hate having to use my phone to change a few things such as the level of noise cancellation or shutting off/on the gesture control. There are times when I forget to turn them back on and when I switch to PC/Mac I have to go back to my phone to turn those controls back on. If there is a desktop App, me not so bright. That being said, it’s a good product, just a tad overpriced. Let’s see how long I can keep it alive.