I have only used wired headphones for years. This is the first time I've ever purchased Bluetooth wireless ear buds - so, know going forwards that I don't have anything to compare these to.That being said, I do have a few pairs of Bluetooth wireless headphones, and I'm making some assumptions, based upon these.So, the first thing I'll say is that the Noise Canceling feature in these is downright amazing. I mean, for something so small to be able to block out so much noise is just quite unbelievable.In addition, the Ambient Aware mode is quite amazing as well, as you can literally hear everything around you, while still hearing the music quite clearly - you can tell that a lot of R & D went into these.The Talk Through mode is also good - although I think it makes the music so low that you really can't even hear it - but it is handy in case you need to have a conversation. I've had a conversation with Ambient Aware mode turned on, and I can hear the other person just fine.Okay, here is where I'll start making some assumptions. I don't have another pair of BT earbuds to compare to, so I'm assuming that other companies would create apps similar to the ones for their BT headphones when making apps for their ear buds.The JBL app is my favorite one. It's very easy to get into, has some settings you can change (like what each ear bud does when you touch it certain ways), as well as allows you to change the audio mode that you've enabled.Now, I have a pair of Anker BT headphones, and they are really comfy, but the app is nowhere near as feature-rich as the JBL app is.I guess if there is anything that I don't like about these it would be the inability to turn them off without using the app. You can set them to time out after a set amount of time, so they would turn themselves off at some point, but I think that is a waste of the battery, so I use the app to turn them off.Another thing I don't like is the case - the ear buds fit into it in a very awkward way - I'm always having to twist my wrists to get them in correctly. I think this was a major design flaw, but it's minor compared to all the other benefits of these.One thing I absolutely love on these is the battery. I've used these for about an hour, turned them off (via the app), kept them outside of the case, and come back to them a month later, and they are still at the same battery percentage as a month ago - unbelievable.I should also mention that the battery lasts a fair amount of time when actually listening to them. I use these when working out, and they last plenty of time for me to run and lift weights.I've never actually tried to figure out exactly how long they last on one charge, but if I'd have to guess, it's probably upwards of 5 hrs at least.To save battery power, I usually put mine in a ziplock bag, along with the case - so that the battery gets to run-down without being recharged all the time. I only put them back into the case when the battery is actually low.The case also charges very quickly (as do the ear buds as well).So, overall, I'd highly recommend these ear buds. They have some minor issues that I've discussed, but in my opinion, the pro's far outweigh the con's for these.If you found this review helpful, please click on "helpful" or the thumb's up.Thanks.