These are a typically great JBL product at their price point; the sound quality is very good for a value earbud. I find there to be an appropriate balance of treble/mids/bass out of the box, and I think that the highs are super crisp and bass can really boom. I find that they fit and seal well to stay snug in place and provide great passive noise-cancellation to block ambient sound. They're a little large, but I don't wear them for fashion, and I'm guessing the size helps with sound quality and power, as well as battery capacity. The battery life is very good, and it recharges quickly. I also personally prefer the hard button on the buds rather than a touch button. Overall, I really like these, especially having gotten them on a half off sale.However, I have 3 surprising issues with them I wish I'd known before buying... Lack of volume control, no incompatibility with the JBL app, and the case size/lack of lid.First, the buttons on the earbuds can't control volume, which makes absolutely no sense. Other JBL and earbud products allow volume control on one earbud and playback control on the other. These have the exact same functions on both left and right, which seems like a wasted opportunity. Also, that means the volume is entirely dependent on the source/playback device, and if the output from there is too loud/quiet for your preference, well.... you're stuck. With my phone, these earbuds were VERY loud even on the lowest volume setting possible. NOTE: I have a Samsung Galaxy (Gen 8), so I was able to go in and mess with the stock Samsung equalizer (Sound Settings > Advanced Sound Settings > Sound Quality and Effects) to turn the decibel levels way down and make them usable in all ambient settings. I was unsurprisingly unable to do this on my iPhone 11, though, as its Music EQ is very basic.... Android wins again! Regardless, I've read other customers have the same but opposite issue, where the earbuds are too quiet on the highest volume setting. Avoidable and frustrating, but potentially a work around for some.... The second problem is that there's no compatibility with the JBL app, which means you can't customize the EQ sound profile on less funtional playing devices (ahem, iPhone...) like you can with most newer JBL headphones, nor adjust the volume further, which is a feature I'd really appreciated with other JBL products. Lastly, a small thing: I find the charging case to be unnecessarily large and its lack of a lid a little unsettling. If the size means the charging capacity is greater, then that's fine, and the magnet is very strong and seems to hold them in well enough upside down and even when shaken violently, but the case is bigger than I want for pants pockets and I can see the earbuds being knocked loose and falling out in a bag/purse with other items.In all, a solid buy, but there may be a newer version or another JBL product with similar sound/quality that have earbud volume control, app compatibility, and a better/smaller case that'd be preferable.