2 WEEKS AFTER DELIVERY:I wasn’t expecting much when I ordered these. They’re only $25 bucks—I thought they might make a decent Xmas gift for my nephew. He was so pleased with them, I tried them and immediately ordered a 2nd pair for myself.LIKES:Obviously the price. Can’t beat $25Sound: VERY impressed with the sound quality. I’m a huge hip hop/classic rock/audiobook fan. Great bass/CLEAR and CRISP. NO STATICCalls: simple/intuitive. One touch answer/end call. Can hear perfectly well and no complaints on other end. SIRI/Alexa works no problem.Fit: they fit very well and have S/M/L tips to ensure a snug fit.Battery: battery life is excellent. I get btw 4-5 hours music on full charge.—————DISLIKES: Not much to be honest. My list here is nit-picky considering the price but in the interest of keeping it real…ANC: Don’t know why ppl are even mentioning Active Noise Cancellation. Not advertised. BUT: when you’re buds are in, it’s simply difficult to hear anything else. That being said, be careful while driving. You don’t need to have both in.NO TOUCH: This is the ONLY thing that is even moderately annoying about these. You have to physically press the button on the bud. When you do this you’re gently pushing the bud deeper in your ear. Not at all painful or anything but def would be nicer to have touch assist.Volume control: Have to alter on your phone/device. Again, not a deal-breaker by any means. No EQ but sound is great so I don’t care.Case’s cord: it’s about the length of my hand from wrist to tip of middle finger. Maybe 6 inches. Could def be longer. That being said, I keep the charging case in my center console so i don’t need the length. Some might find this frustrating though I’m sure.The case itself is great, the magnets hood buds well, no issue.———-OVERALL: best wireless pod value on Amazon. USE EVERYDAY SINCE PURCHASED WITH NO ISSUES.PS. nice range too. Can leave phone in bedroom— walk the house/front and backyard without losing signal. When you do lose it, the buds will make a chime sound to let you know that you’re back in range.NO BRAINER FOR UNDER $30. If they were Touch assist with volume control i wouldn’t really have a thing to complain about at all.HIGHLY RECOMMEND.4/5 stars