Mixed emotions! Number one I'm here d to say I bought this unit for the third time today. Also, before the 5200 I have owned at least 3 Legends as well. I am very rough on these units. I work in the field as and HVAC service tech. 75 percent of the time I am working in an extreme environment in one form or the other. I simply will use these little guys to their fullest potential. Today when I lost my current unit, rather than turn around and drive back to the last job site 15 mins each way which is conclusive of my lunch break, s if I ever take one.. I chose to reorder immediately! Was glad the price came down 20 bucks!. I did however wanna shed light on a few key points for this unit. After reading all the reviews this evening (an attempt at shutting down and falling asleep for a few hours), I realized that a lot of the reviews are true and consistent with my experience. I'm not gonna go on and on about how this unit is far less superior than the Legend, but case in point is it for sure has way less battery life. It never charges to 7 hours. 5 most of the time and 6 if I'm lucky. To be honest o have forgotten most of the attributes of the legend seeing I haven't used mine but once in the last 2 years.. it was refreshing though the couple times I did use the Legend.. blah blah.. battery life sucks on the 5200, but I got used to it!The noise cancelation feature is and has been consistently the best by far. In fact I find myself frustrated when I ask a coworker or client if they can hear the sound I'm hearing while I'm troubleshooting.. they say that they can not gear anything! I want them to hear the slamming of a bad compressor or the hammering of a bent fan blade, but they simply can't hear the background. So for me that's great in a way like when I'm in heavy traffic and other devices are squaking in my rig, i usually have the windows open to "air out" between jobs. It is also great when I'm in a noisey mechanical room. Etc etc.. good and bad all at the same time for me but the noise suppressing tech is amazing to say the least.From day one I have been merely disappointed with the FACT that the volume buttons do not work!! Several times I have almost wrecked while driving and trying to adjust the volume. In fact.. my Samsung galaxy s21 ultra 5g will not even allow me to turn up my speaker volume manually from the headset (docked on the dash) while the 5200 is on and in my ear.. i mash the volume up button on the phone and it goes a little up then goes all the way back down.. similar to a broken power window on a car or one slightly off track.. uppy downy.. uppy downy.. you get the idea!.. intey to mash thw volume buttons on the 5200 and nothing happens.. unless I press so hard that it actually stings my finger! I've grown used to this BS as well.. let me remind you folks that despite all this negatively, I dropped a C note this afternoon without hesitation so that maybe I could be hamdsfree again in 2 days. Maybe I should have went back to a new Legend but that darn charging situation is so inconvenient for me.. see I can rejuice the 52 in an hour while I'm on a call that does require telephone or one where I have no cell signal anyway.Now in the attic, or on a roof top.. or even in damp dingy crawl spaces I sweat pretty bad like anyone (almost) would.. very seldom is it a problem. I do not use the stock earpieces.. I get some others that fit me better on Amazon.. coolatas or some crap.. anyway the little red and clack soft ear pieces work best for me with the sweat. They are more slim than the factory ones and fit more snug into my ear canal. I do occasionally have to scrap out some wax 😅..I mighy add that it hardly ever falls off or becomes uncomfortable.. when it does.. I hang it up and give a charge..When I wanna take it off to speak to a client etc..I just throw it in my pocket with all my drill bits and screw drivers.. it takes the ride like a true champ.. incan remember the legends would break in my pocket then the sharp ass metal on the boom would stab me.. i use gorilla glue on those to fix that.. but the 52 has no issues there...Well folks there it is folks, pay day is on Friday and sh$! runs down hill! Any questions?Ps my review is 3.5 🌟