First off, love this. The ability to load pictures directly from an app or via email makes this instantly better than ones that use a flash drive.The frame is sturdy and super simple to set up. That said there are a few simple improvements that could be made.Things I would change:- The ability to edit photos once a photo is loaded. You can only do so before you've sent the image to the device, but you can't really tell how the picture will look on the frame until it's uploaded. Enough of our photos are cropped once loaded where people or important features get completely cut out, and the only way to fix is to delete it and re-upload the photo. When you're uploading a photo, it doesn't tell you what part of the picture will make it into the frame, so it's a guessing game.-You can't change the orientation of the frame. You can change the orientation of each photo so it's rotated in 90 degree variations, but you couldn't say you wanted the frame to lay portrait instead of landscape and have all your photos follow suit. Most of the photos we upload are taken vertically from our phone, so you can see the photo but most of the frame ends up being blank space with the photo shrunk and in the middle. Better than cropped and only see part of it, though.-You can upload photos via email, but you can only send so many photos at a time due to file size... So uploading from the app is our preferred method. You can do 50 at a time which is nice, but four out of five times the frame will say all the photos have been receieved, but the app will still be in loading mode and you can see at least a few photos are only partially uploaded. You can't close the app while photos are being uploaded, so you end up not knowing if the photo was actually uploaded... I didn't bother to keep track and try to re-upload photos.-I'm not sure how random the pictures actually come up, sort of seems like you see a lot of the same ones over and over but also, we see the picture frame a few times a day and aren't continuously looking at it for hours on end. Though I will say it can be pretty mesmerizing so it's definitely become fun to get lost in the pictures and discuss memories with my spouse and/or people who come over.-Picture quality is good but not great.I'll edit if I remember more things. All in all, I still love it and am so glad we have it. But these are simple enhancements that would make it a true 5/5!