Sony is always leading the way for electronics.. that may be my personal opinion but I’ve also had Sony products since 1995 and I am the type of person that when I see a brand that works, I do not stray away.Regardless.. these are the flagship TWS earbuds around.. I am being unbiased when I say mehh… I will keep this review short.Sound quality/Call quality.. extensively great.. having the adjustable EQ, makes it so much better to enjoy music that you love. I listen a broad spectrum of music and they do not disappoint by any means. They can provide clean and clear bass when you want them to, or be bass heavy. Just slide that “Clear Bass” to the right and you’ll not be disappointed, as they still provide clean sound that’s totally not overpowered with the bass all the way up. Even at flat, the highs, mids and bass tones are natural and warm.. they are rich. Though these don’t provide a soundstage like over the ear headphones do which may be a downfall to some people. The call quality though, is to me, better than the top of the line Jabra 85T.. I have had those before myself, and was let down. People can hear me very clearly, rarely do I have to repeat myself if not at all. Voices are clear, they’re not muffled or sound far away by any means, which me being a trucker, having the cleanliness and clarity is a must have when on the road. It is very weird though, when you do receive a call, the sound changes I’ll explain that below.Sound modes.. the ANC, I hardly ever use because they seal in your ear well enough that ANC, in my case, is almost obsolete. I wear them in off mode every day.. they provide enough seal and passive noise reduction being “in ear” more than let’s say Apple AirPods Pro, that you won’t need ANC. Transparency mode is really nice to use. If I’m out and about running errands, I leave the transparency mode on so I can hear what’s around me at all times. Sometimes though, with certain sounds, or wind it can sound like you have a solo cup over your ear so not everything is going to sound clear. I usually take one out when I am talking to someone to be courteous, because they do give you a sense that you’re talking too loud when in reality you’re not talking loud enough which can make people have to ask you to repeat yourself. Overall, the ANC is great, it’s not something I use or care to truly use unless needed but it’s a great feature to have if you like to use it. Li Ike I mentioned above, it does have this sound mode that turns on when you receive a call. It’s not transparency mode, but it’s like a hear your own voice mode. For some reason the volume every time I connect these earbuds the ringer is on the lowest volume setting. The only way I know I’m receiving a call is when the sound mode changes from off, to the “hear your own voice” sound mode. It goes from hearing barely anything to like a 50% transparency mode that makes it sound like you’re in a tunnel.Battery life… This is the flagship of any earbuds… I’ve worn these for 10-12 hours some days, and with the sound mode in Off, they did not die or reach “low battery”.. I had them at 60% battery life one day, and 8 hours later the voice prompt finally said “low battery” and that was at 20% battery left in both earbuds. They do last a very long time. Mind you I have mixed usage.. music, movies, phone calls/etc, and they still have outlasted any other pair I’ve had. I cannot speak for battery length in ANC/transparency mode, but I can say that they do outlast anything.Tap control… be weary, that while they are functional, you have to tap the earbuds just right for them to recognize the functions you wish to have them perform. They seem to be proprietary to the center of the earbud, as I’ve tried tapping just outside the center and nothing happened. This may be cumbersome to a lot of people who like having tap controls.. I barely use them except to change sound modes, and play/pause whatever I’m listening to or watching at the time.Comfort… this is a let down… I’ve been wearing AirPods Pro’s since they came out. To me, they are the most comfortable earbuds I’ve had. And I declare that to Apples design of the tips and earbuds to your ears rather than having an eartip contour or expand your ear canal to fit.. while these do have comfort, the foam tips, they aren’t gonna last long and while they provide comfort, it’s just not enough. I ordered a pair of Eartune U-Ellipitical eartips that changed everything. To anyone looking for better eartips, the Eartunes are what you need, as they are designed with a more oval shape to contour to the ear canal a lot better. With the ear tip change, they will however, these earbuds still provide discomfort elsewhere.. where they sit in your ear overtime will cause a burning sensation.. the first few days wearing them I had to take them out after a few hours because my ear canal, and the area where these sit were making my ears burn pretty bad.. I still have some days where I feel some burning, it’s not as bad but it’s still enough where I find myself taking them out for a while to give my ears some relief, and that’s where a lot of other earbuds may prevail in comfort compared to these.Overall, if you’re a sound guy, you want top of the line ANC, and a superior battery life and can live with small discomforts.. I highly recommend these for you and they will not disappoint.For those who are looking for an alternative in comfort and comfort being a priority, compared to the Apple AirPods Pro’s, or equally comfortable earbuds, these are not for you.. while the pros may trump the downfall in regards to the small issues in comfort, the comfort may trump the pros for others. Please understand I changed eartips to one’s more similar to the Airpods, but still experienced discomfort.If you’re looking for a balance of everything a TWS can offer/may have to offer, these are definitely a great pair, I just think that maybe the price should be a tad bit lower and I would wait for the next time they go on sale.Update - 12/5/22After doing some research I found a set of eartips that I recommend for these, Eartune Fidelity U-Ellipse. I highly recommend these to a seriously great extent because they have changed the game for me, and I can comfortably wear the WF-1000XM4s over 10 hours without any issues of burning, itchy or etc. If you purchase these earbuds and the eartips above, you will not be looking for another pair of earbuds for quite some time.