My experience with true wireless earbuds like this had previously been limited to a gifted pair of Skullcandy earbuds that retailed for less than 1/3 of what Sony asks for these. Suffice it to say, those did not give me a good impression of this still somewhat new form factor for earbuds. Their sound quality was atrocious (think sub-telephone quality audio, plus constant dropouts if the device they're connected to is anywhere but within eyesight.) They had a tendency to activate themselves while in the charging case, draining both the earbud batteries, the case's battery, and also causing me to miss audible notifications because it cut the phone speaker off. But despite the issues, the true wireless form factor was something that intrigued me, so I saved up and waited for these highly-rated Sony units to go on sale. Now that I have them, are they worth the higher cost or are they just as troublesome as the cheapies?Long story short: YES. These are head and shoulders better than those cheap trash buds, as they should be. But do they justify the high cost compared to so many lesser brand competitors? I think they do. The sound quality is impressive (if not top of the line), and the noise cancelling works very well, especially if you can get a proper fit with one of the ear tip sets included with the purchase.First, sound quality. My personal "gold standard" reference headphones are my beloved Sennheiser HD 600, an open-backed mid-level home audio headphone. They are a little low on bass but otherwise have superbly flat audio characteristics. These Sony earbuds don't quite match the Sennheiser 'phones for overall quality, but they are far from poor performers. They're a little bright and midrange-y for my tastes, but this isn't bad for most kinds of music or speech programming, in my opinion. When they're snug in the ear canal they also offer a surprisingly good amount of bass. They won't make your skull vibrate if you're a bass-head, but they can offer clean and punchy bass and pretty moderate volume levels, especially if you tweak the EQ in the available Headphones app for smartphones. On my Pixel 6 Pro, they connect in "HD audio mode -- LDAC" for increased sound quality. I hate that they don't seem to support aptX or aptX low latency, though, so these may not be suitable for watching videos on a TV.Second, noise cancelling. My main reference are a budget pair of Anker Soundcore Q20s, another over the ear headphone that's often available for $50 or less. Despite their low cost, I think their noise cancelling is as good as the $400 Sony or Bose models that rate so highly. Like, 90% that good for 1/8th cost. So that's a pretty high bar. These true wireless ear buds, sadly, don't quite work that well in this regard. That said, they are far from poor performers in this regard. They will reduce a LOT of background noise, especially when tightly fitted to your ears. These are definitely geared more towards the typical "transportation noise" reduction, like the drone of a car or a plane's jet engine. They work less well on higher-pitched sounds like the click-clack of a mechanical keyboard or chattering co-workers one cubicle over. But, that's pretty typical of most noise cancelling headphones, regardless of style.Battery life, so far, seems adequate for my light use needs. I think I'm seeing about a 40% drop in earbud life after an hour's use, and that is topped back up by the case in less than half an hour of charging. I've used them for several hours so far and the case's battery life is still over 80% so it should last several months of my sporadic use.As for complains and issues, they are few. The main gripe I have with these is how hard they are to remove from the case. The case is slick, hard plastic, and fairly compact, and the ear buds are held in place by pretty strong magnets. The ear buds are also slick plastic so it's hard for my ham hands to get a good grip on them.Getting a good fit is a little hard for me, too. Neither the small nor medium ear tips gave me a good seal, and the large ones are a little TOO big so they are tight even when they're not properly seated in my ears. But, once I do shove them in (twisting them in place is what they recommend) they seal fairly good, at least in my left ear. My right ear is still a little loose fitting, so it takes so fiddling to get it just right.The touch sensitive pads on each ear bud are easy to accidentally tap while getting them fitted properly, too. Once they're in place, though, the gentle tap controls work really well.The one other issue I've experienced is that only one earbud has connected, so I got mono audio through both earbuds! The only way to fix it was to put them back in the case, which I didn't have with me, so I had to do a listening session only hearing half the audio. So far it's only happened once, but it was super annoying.The Headphones app is necessary to unlock the full functionality of these earbuds. Not only can you manually pick the mode (noise cancelling on/off, or ambient mode on/off) you can also set the level of amplification used in the ambient mode. There's an EQ with various presets and two custom slots for you to use as you want. There's also a bass boost option and displays for battery life of each earbud and the case. If you want to access some other features, like some silly social media type deal and a feature that automatically changes modes based on your usage patterns, you'll need a Sony account. There's also some settings for 360° audio that require taking pictures of your ears and using specific apps like Spotify or Tidal, but again these are optional and not necessary to really get the most out of these earbuds.Overall, they're a pretty good set of earbuds, and at least in my opinion, worth the cost when they go on sale. If you try them, be sure to try all three sets of ear tip cushions and use the Headphone app's test tool, it will help you find which ones will work best.