To give you some context: I've had 3 ANC/noise cancelling headphones now. The Sony X4s are my third. I started with a $40 pair of Taotronics. These are great for a budget pair of noise cancelling headphones. I moved up to a more expensive pair of Taotronics 90 (~$80). The Sony XM4 is my third and at this junction, I was looking for the following features:1. Better noise cancelling.2. Better comfort, that I would wear longer than an hour).3. Better sound quality (for music and podcast).4. Portability (for traveling).The Sony XM5 just came out so these XM4 were priced at $228. I'm not used to spending this much on headphones but I'm glad I decided to upgraded to these. I was on the fence about the XM5s but the ability to fold the XM4s up, plus the fact that it was priced much less was all the reason I needed to go with the XM4.Things to note about the XM4s:1. ANC - Noise cancelling is great. It covers more of the frequencies than my previous cheap pairs did.2. Ambient Sound - Ambient noise is pretty bad. When you turn noise cancelling off to talk to someone or to hear the outside world, the sound is hollow. If you want ANC headphones where ambient sound comes through clear, these XM4s are not the best. They have the feature but it's not great. Personally, I just take my headphones off when I need to talk to someone. Otherwise, I only wear these with noise cancelling on.3. Comfort - The XM4s are very comfortable. I can easily wear these for 2 hours+ without any discomfort. I've slept in these too (to help me sleep). The ear cushions are soft and pliable enough where I don't feel any pain points. As other reviewers have mentioned, because it does such a good job with noise cancelling, there will be heat that builds up inside, especially if you're exerting energy or wearing these on a wam/hot day. It's not unbearable; just something to note.4. Sound Quality - Sony has an equalizer you can mess with and it helps to fine tune the how music or speech (ie., podcasts) comes through but it's not as good as some of the higher end headphones. But again, for $228, these headphones are a good deal, especially compared to others in the same class.Note: There are other features like the auto-pause, touch navigation (ie., play/pause/next/prev, and volume), and the hand-over-ear to turn ambient noise on... These work fine for me. I like how it works but I don't consider these as PROs or CONs... They're just different and may be useful based on personal preference.Summary: I would highly recommend these noise cancelling headphones at the current price of ~$228. If you want comfort, portability, slightly better sound quality than other comparable/competing brands, this is a very good choice. If you're coming from cheaper-type headphones, these are a great upgrade. If you're on the fence between a much more expensive pair of headphones AND need a pair of affordable headphones straight away, these are a great option. I will likely purchase another in my lifetime but these will work for me for years to come until one that has better sound quality for music and speech becomes affordable [for me].