I tested five wireless lapel mics for iPhone in January, 2023 because I needed to find the best on the market for under $100. I’m a semi-professional videographer that producers outdoor instructional videos for work.MayBesta wireless microphone is the cheapest of the 5 wireless mics I reviewed, likely due to the fact that it has no charging case. Instead, you plug the mic directly into power to charge it. In the sound quality, MayBesta ranked only slightly below the excellent CZHiYANG. MayBesta recorded my voice loud and clear with virtually no distortion or treble hiss. The microphone sensitivity remained strong clipped to my lapel and within a 1 foot radius of my mouth when I placed the mic inside a sound muffle box. With a loud white noise app producing the sound of raindrops hitting a tin roof 20 feet away, the microphone did not pick up the sound before and after my words, however, when I was speaking, you could hear the sound slightly coming through behind my words. It apparently cancels ambient sound when there is no speaking to record. It was the only mic I tested with a side-facing clip, which allows you to position the mic so that it doesn’t bump your chin. Clipped to my lapel, the mic may be slightly too sensitive, leading to slight bass distortion. Most users will not find this to be a problem. I recommend this mic as a budget option.CZHiYANG wireless microphones for iPhone iPad android is the best of five wireless microphones I tested. The CZHiYANG recorded my voice loud and clear with absolutely no distortion or treble hiss. The microphone sensitivity remained strong clipped to my lapel and within a 1 foot radius of my mouth, when I placed the mic inside a sound muffle box, which I sometimes must use outdoors. Surprisingly, with a loud white noise app producing the sound of raindrops hitting a tin roof 20 feet away, the microphone did not pick up any of the sound. This is a remarkable drop off of sensitivity and exactly what I require. This product receives my highest recommendation and will be my new wireless microphone.HOTEK J10 DSP noise reduction wireless microphoneThe HOTEK was difficult to pair, and then recorded with a mild tinny hiss behind my voice. It also digitally compressed my voice, slightly distorting it. The HOTEK could not reduce the sound of a white noise app producing the sound of raindrops 20 feet away. I do not recommend this product.BILIYIP Wireless Lavalier Microphone(Same as old LAWYAMAI Wireless Lavalier Microphone)These are all the same Chinese mics under different brand names. I have used this mic extensively for two and a half years,, both in my studio and on location. Two years ago, I found this mic better than most competitors. But now there are newer mics on the market that beat this one. Honestly, one out of 4 mics will be broken straight from the box and you will need to return it for a replacement. But when they work, they work well. The microphones are highly sensitive and pair very easily. There is an extremely slight trouble hiss, which I found acceptable, (though my new preferred mic, the CZHiYANG, has eliminated this hiss.) As for the “intelligent” noise canceling, it is virtually nonexistent. The microphones are extremely sensitive and will pick up ambient noise. I have subjected them to droppage, rain, and backpacking for miles, and sometimes the mics die on you. I found that I always had to carry a couple of spares.Lightning Wireless Microphone (no brand name, but the words Rocky Mars Wireless Microphone MK06 appear on the side of the box)This was the worst of the five microphones I tested. The tinny hiss behind my voice sounded like loud radio interference. It also digitally compressed my voice, badly distorted it. The mic could not reduce the sound of a white noise app producing the sound of raindrops 20 feet away. I empathetically do not recommend this inferior product.Disclaimer: I have found that wireless mics generally have a short lifespan and are prone to malfunction, sometimes right out of the box. I don’t expect them to last more than six months of heavy use, and I always have 2 spares when I’m on the road working. I wrote this long review because I want to support mics that work well, in the hopes that inferior ones cluttering the market will die out due to natural selection.