Summary:1. it is a good device.2. it works as expected.3. it can hold the phone in any position possible: portrate, or landscape.4. the price is fair.5. convenient enough to carry with you.6. I don't think it will last forever, but I hope it will give me service comeasurate with it's cost.Full review:It works, as promised: meaning, it will hold your phone up to 5 "fricking" feet away from you ( more, considering your hand extension), and allow you to take that selfie that you want, with all your friends and family, as well as your self, included into that picture. I really appreciate that.The only reason for 4 stars, instead of 5 stars, and this is a little bit arbitrary, because a better contraption would cost a lot more, is that the piece that holds your phone, is somewhat fidgety. It is capable. It will hold your phone any way you want, but it takes a bit of effort to adjust it just right. My family only had enough patiens for only one adjustment, after that, they scatter. However, if this thing was perfect, and I could adjust it as quickly as I can do it, these people, whom I love, would only let me have 2 shots, instead of 1. So, it is not entirely the fault of this device.It is amazingly compact, and light, for what it can do (note: it is not compact or light, in fact the opposite, compared to shorter sticks) . This can allow one to carry it with * him * (honestly, it is a bit too much for * her *, unless her name is Serena. But any of the "her" type could use it without the full extension. But then, may as well buy a smaller, lighter, cheaper one, to begin with.)Note1: I have not used it as a tripod yet. But I think it could be possible.Note2: I have not used the remote control to trigger the shot. My galaxy device does that when someone yells out: "cheese", so no need for me to use the remote.Note3: at full extension, it is quite heavy, and a bit combersome, even for "him".Note4: I am not sure it will last a long time. The mechanism that holds the phone is plasticky, and fiddly. I think I will break it at some point. But I hope it will do it's job for quite a while, before that happens. Plus, in my evaluation, it is a mechanism, that is more reliable, compared to all other alternatives, in roughly same price range. But it is not most convenient or quick to be adjusted.To summarize:1. it is a good device.2. it works as expected.3. it can hold the phone in any position possible.4. the price is fair.5. convenient enough to carry with you.6. I don't think it will last forever, but I hope it will give me service comeasurate with it's cost.