Update (10-29-21)I have made the decision to keep these and highly recommend to those looking for fit, comfort and sound quality. If you have the sound quality issue I had in the original review you could always return them.Look, controls and app are kind of primitive, in fact once set up I deleted the app.However, the Sound can not be beat and this is what its about, sound quality. Now lets take this one step further, remember these are "work out buds" ?Well, let me say that they are comfortable as heck and the ear pieces that come with them are quite unique so no matter what you do you will always have a good seal and they will stay in your ear!Long story short, I would highly recommend these to anyone, whether they want sport buds or not.The only reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 are the way the controls work (but you will get the hang of them) and the primitive app (which I dont really much care about)If you want something smaller check out the Jaybird Vista 2, great buds too, just different ways.I am enjoying the sound of these Bose.Update (10-25-21)I have seen some reports on the same issue I have been experiencing, I can not confirm this but its possible the sound quality takes a dive after the firmware update which when you download the app you are forced to do.Some have reported what I have experienced. (KEEP in mind at first I heard great sound then it went bad so returned them and got another and still have issues, sometimes good sound and other times bad.) Out of the blue the earbuds sound quality becomes so compressed that some speculate phone compression in the earbud is being activated when listening to music. I have no idea if this is the issue and no experience in this area but it does seem plausible, for some reason the sound becomes warm and flat, void of upper midrange and treble.Anyway, some people said their solution would be to put the earbuds back in the charging case and then remove right away and replace them back in your ears. They say this fixes it. I dont know if this is true but I have tried it and I do know right now they are working great, the only thing is I cant confirm that placing them back in the case and removing is the reason.Anyway, what I have now is that "Bose" sound back and very satisfying I removed the app from my phone and using them without the app. I figured I would try them out this way for a while before considering returning them.I suppose a call to tech support could help, maybe they are aware the firmware update is bad? Possibly be able to replace it with the older working firmware? I dont know, we will see. It was good that I found other comments related to my experience. Who knows? maybe bad luck, but shouldn't happen.I would recommend someone try them out, you have nothing to lose but if you have sound quality issues then just return them, dont look back and go to another brand, but if they work and keep working I think my long review says it is worth it or I wouldnt be trying so hard.They are really comfortable and when working right sound great. I can easily overlook the less then robust phone app and touchy/flakey controls on the earbuds themselves.Or you could just go right to the Jaybird Vista 2 which is another great earbud, that one is a keeper for me but I also like a second set and trying to make these Bose work.(Original review below)So disappointed in these Bose Sport Earbuds,This is my second set after returning the first set directly to Bose thinking the set I got was defective. Well, guess what, this set will be returned to Amazon.These earbuds could have been great, super comfortable and best of all they fit perfect, even for me who sometimes has issues with earbuds coming loose in my left ear. I could do anything in these buds, working out, working around the house and they stay perfect, as well as super comfortable.Just the fact that a company like Bose can turn out a product like this makes me loose all respect for the company and I have known their products since the 901 series 2 many decades ago.I also lost all respect for the so called "review sites" that praise these earbuds with links to sell them to you.Lets face it, the Bose name, makes people feel safe, well, they won't when people like me can show you products like Jaybird Vista 2, Beats Power beats Pro, JBL Reflect Mini NC with far superior sound quality and much smoother operation.Negatives =1. Sound quality is way to warm, percussion instruments sound like they are in the next building, muffled and distant.2. Touch controls are primitive, yeah, once you practice a week or two you can get it pretty good. But OMG I must activate SIRI on my iPhone XR a dozen times a day when all I want to do is adjust the volume, which by the way, adjusts in far too apart increments.3. I don't understand the equalizer, something I would expect from a third rate product, has hardly any effect on the missing midrange and upper midrange/treble.4. Just a miserable experience from the touch controls to the one size fits all app, to the obnoxious sound quality.5. Battery life isn't the greatest either.Positives =1. Super comfortable and stays in place, pure genius the way these sit in your ear.2. Nice case3. Quality feelSummary,If you REALLY need a good fitting earbud where other buds give you a problem these will most likely solve that problem. Don't expect much from the app which is ok with me. I just could not get over the over the top "warm" sound quality but maybe its something you make like but avoid at all cost if you like to hear the crips tones of percussion instruments, symbols ect.Voice comes out ok, front and center, even if warm, don't expect much emotion in the voice. Everything else sounds like its in the next building.Call me crazy, don't know what they were thinking or who was in charge of this earbud development because they forgot about sound quality. I think its so bad it will turn me off to the brand. Way overpriced if you are expecting top quality sound.