I got these for a few reasons... earbuds without wings tend to fall out of my ears, I was not happy with the sound quality of most earbuds I had gotten before, and I'd had some connectivity issues with the earbuds I had.First impression was good... build quality feels solid, they fit extremely comfortable in my ears and don't fall out, and the sound quality was everything I've come to expect from Bose. Even though they are not noise canceling, with the design of the ear piece, they definitely are noise isolating, and I have not had any issues with outside noise.It is a little odd that you have to download the Bose Music app just to pair your ear buds, but given the other options you get with the app, not a huge turn-off for me. Having the option to change the left double-tap function of your earbuds and a built-in basic EQ are nice features.Battery life is great, but not excellent. The longest I've been able to use them consecutively before they went dead was just a little under 6 hours. For most users (myself included), that's plenty... but for people who wear earbuds all-day, you won't be able to leave them in for an entire dat all at once.What I am a little disappointed in (hence 4 stars instead of 5) is two things: you cannot use just the left ear, since the right ear is the master that connects to the phone and the left ear just connects to the right. Secondly, when I am in a call and I want to switch to my headset, there is a bit of a delay. I have to open the case, wait for the white lights to come on on the earbuds, pop the right (or both) earbuds in, wait for them to connect, then close the case. All-in-all, this takes about 10-15 seconds. Doesn't seem like much, but with so many other earbuds out there that connect super fast, it is a little odd that a quality pair like this has such a connection delay.All this being said, I am extremely happy I bought these, and would buy them again. The minor quirks and inconveniences are just that... minor. The comfort, the sound quality, the features... these are a great pair of earbuds!