My #1 priority in gym earbuds is fit. Specifically, I want them to feel comfortable for an hour (or more), and I don't want them to fall out while I'm working out.By that standard, these are the best true wireless fitness-oriented earbuds I've personally used. I've tried AirPods, AirPods Pro, PowerBeats Pro, Beats Fit Pro, and several other smaller brands, and the Bose Sport Earbuds are the only ones that don't fall out. I had a minor amount of soreness in my ear canal the first time I wore them, but that disappeared next time. For me, that's enough to keep them, since there's nothing more frustrating (or potentially costly) than earbuds falling out in the middle of a workout.These have a moderate level of sound isolation due to the fit, but no ANC. For me, that's a plus, since I don't like working out without awareness of my surroundings. Sound quality is also just okay. That's not high on my list of priorities (and I'm not sure that any competitors in the fitness-oriented space are doing better). The case is not the slimmest, but it does the job, and I like that it supports USB-C and has battery indicator lights on the front. Mic quality is passable, but I rarely take calls while working out, so this isn't a priority for me, either.My biggest issues are related to general usability. Touch controls are unreliable, especially for volume. These also don't always connect to my phone when I take them out of the case and put them on, so I have to dig into the phone's settings and connect from there (which sometimes fails, too, until I take them in and out of the case). As far as I can tell, these earbuds can only connect to one device at a time (unlike my Bose QC45 headphones, which can switch between 2 devices more or less seamlessly). For Apple users, all of these downsides mean these a huge step down from the AirPods family in terms of usability.Again, my priority is fit, and so these do the job for me as workout-only headphones. If your priorities are similar to mine, you may be satisfied, but if you're looking for day-to-day, AirPods-like usability, I'd look elsewhere.