Ok. I'm one of those people that can spend 6 hours on Amazon reading reviews and comparing products buying something that costs less than $50. And that's what I did with purchasing these TOZO NC9 earbuds. I set a target price of under $50 and there were dozens and dozens and dozens of products available. All of them had mixed reviews including these TOZO buds, but "overall" they seemed to have the better of reviews as far as features, functionality, comfort, battery life, phone call/mic ability, charging case size, and most important to me... sound quality. Here goes my review:Features: These paired up nicely out of the box with my iphone and with themselves. I will say that the one issue I had initially was there was no warning about the little piece of clear plastic tape over the earbud contacts (evidently to prevent contact to the battery case during shipping). The tape there is not apparent since it is so small. So don't forget about removing that tape before usage!The noise cancelling capabilities of these NC9's are good, and when ANC is enabled, background noise is really cancelled nicely. Better than my old pair of earbuds. I do a substantial amount of air travel, so noise cancellation is a must for me. There are 3 modes, namely ANC On, ANC OFF, and Transparent mode. I have to admit, I had no idea what transparent mode was. But let me say that I do like the feature. I suffer from tinnitus so I listen to white noise to help cancel the f*cking buzz I have all the time, but with transparent mode I can get both the white noise and hear the TV simultaneously. Nice feature! As far as the other features like music selection, increasing or decreasing volume, selecting the next or previous song... works as advertised. Just got to learn the touch sequence. Only downside is that with all these touch sensitive earbuds, you have to be careful brushing past them. They're fairly sensitive.You get plenty of silicon ear adapters. I ended up with the second smallest size, and they fit perfectly. They have a half dozen selections and go up in size to a friggen horse's ear. I can believe anyone has an ear canal that large for the largest size, but so be it. I wore them for a couple hours and no fatigue, and they stay in place moving around which is a plus.Battery life is something I haven't evaluated yet, but with the charging case I'm sure they will be fine. The case is no frills, and you get 4 small LED's to indicate when fully charged. I could give a rat's but about seeing progress bars, percent charged, etc. I didn't buy these for the case bells and whistles, and what I like about the NC9's over the T10 and T12 is that the case is small.Phone connection is just "ok". The mic pickup and call sound quality are nothing special and I know that's important to some. If it is and you're looking for great phone mic and sound capability, look elsewhere. I use these primarily for listening to music and my white sound generator apps to counter my tinnitus, so these work great in that regard.Speaking of sound quality, I'd say the sound quality from music is good. Better than my last earbuds but not as good as, say, earbuds over $100 and $200 like Sony, Bose, and a few others. You get what you pay for, but for $35 the sound is plenty good enough for me. Bass is very good, and loudness is more than adequate. Mid and highs are crisp. I do use an equalizer app music player on my iphone, so I can change settings via software.All in all, I'd say these earbuds are well worth the money and you won't be disappointed. I highly recommend... and no one gave me a doggone thing for leaving this review.