Pros:I really like these ear buds. The price is reasonable and the sound quality is, for me, perfectly fine. I own several pairs of ear buds of various brands and these are my new favorites. They stay in your ear like they're supposed to, they're comfortable and I really love the three options they have for sound; ANC On, ANC Off, and Transparent Mode. With the ANC On function they do a wonderful job of blanking out unwanted backround noise in your environment with an internal speaker that effectively cancels sounds that reach you ear canal but it does shorten battery life . ANC Off is more like your standard ear bud. It muffles background noise like most of you guys are used to and it does lengthen the battery life, which is a big plus. But my favorite and most used feature is Transparent mode. With this setting I can listen to my music ( at a reasonable volume) and still hear ambient noises around me. This is my go-to mode when I'm outside walking my dog. With Transparent mode active, I can still hear everything around me without worrying about not hearing something that could adversely affect my safety. I can talk on my phone, listen to music, a pod cast, or a YouTube video without it reducing my situational awareness, plus it extends the battery life even more. With ear buds that do not have this feature, you are less aware of what's going on around you, and any possible threats such as unleashed pets or two legged snakes. I like to walk my dog at night and I really like the option of being able to use the ear buds and still hear if someone is coming up around me with possibly questionable intentions. My dog is a big one but he's still a puppy in his brain, so he's not much help in that department yet. Hopefully he'll get getter, but for now I'm glad I found these Tozo NC9 ear buds. I do wish the battery life was better but with Transparent mode on I get plenty battery life for my dog walking, plus some. As far as I'm concerned, the Tozo NC9 ear buds are the bomb. Just be sure that when you take them out of the box for first use, ensure that you remove the tape that covers the charging area on each bud, I thought mine was defective and had already started a replacement request before I noticed the tiny piece if tape covering the area where the charging prongs contact the ear buds. The buds will not charge unless this piece of tape is removed and it is easily overlooked (my bad). After I removed the tape the buds started operating flawlessly and I am very happy with them. They come at a very reasonable price and that enables me to buy more to use them as gifts, along with keeping an extra pair for myself in case my aforementioned dog decides to eat one.Cons:Battery life could be a bit better, but still not a deal breaker.