So I struggled with the score of this one, as I love some of the things Tozo did with these earbuds that make me genuinely excited for the future products of this company. However, while I think the NC9 earbuds are fantastic as a stand-alone product, if the standard to compare these headphones is the Tozo T12 (which is the previous model that surpassed all of its predecessors in every way) then I think that the NC9 earbuds are a bit lacking. I want to emphasize that It's not a mediocre product, but while it has improved in some ways, I wouldn't say it's a complete upgrade ievery way from Tozo T12.If you want the condensed version, scroll to the bottom.Otherwise, Let me explain.For starters, the sound is excellent; it's far superior to theTozo T6, but I think it still falls very short to the Tozo T12. The voice and vocals are very clear, but the NC9 has a slightly smaller frequency range than the T12, and I think it doesn't do higher frequency noises as well. It seems a bit sharper and less clear than the Tozo 12 on high volumes.The build quality is incredible; The matte black finish of the earbuds and case looks excellent, and the ergonomic design seems to be the best design amongst the Tozo earbuds. Like IT FEELS GREAT IN MY EAR. The T12 always felt a little bulky in my ear, but the NC9 feels it was made perfectly for my ear. Though, I have to admit it does feel a bit weird in my hand. I might just be used to the T12, or I just might be holding it awkwardly but, when I'm holding an NC9 earbud and trying my best not to press the touchpad area, I feel afraid I'm going to drop it. It's because there's minimal surface area on the side of the touchpad area to hold on to (but that's honestly such a small thing).Surprisingly, the noise-cancellation feature is REALLY GOOD. It's not perfect, as no noise-canceling product is 100%, but like, it's pretty good. And I mean it's better than some noise-canceling headphones from competing brands that have worked on noise-canceling products for years (specifically the one that's known for making lamps *cough* Taotronics *cough*). Low-end frequency white noises are reduced a lot, and voices are cut at a decent amount. Between that and anything you might be playing, it makes it that much easier to have uninterrupted experiences. The transparency mode is also pretty cool, but I don't think it makes it entirely transparent. Much of the sound around you is still blocked by you just having earbuds in, but it does boost the voices around you slightly (And allow you to hear white noise again). But most voices are still a bit muffled.The connection of the earbuds only got better. For one, it connects to my phone pretty fast, but the speed that the earbuds connect to each other is CRAZY. I mean, if I have one earbud in its case and I'm listening to music with the other earbud, if I take the earbud out of its case, it would connect to the other and start playing music FASTER than I could put it in my ear.Now, this is where I start to have an issue with these earbuds. As I've already mentioned before, I think the sound quality, though superior to the T6, lacks in comparison to the T12. However, the sound quality is not my only issue as you may notice, I haven't even mentioned anything regarding the case. And that's because though I really enjoy the external design of this case, I think it lacks functionality. It's a great design that feels more solid and compact and any of the Tozo earbuds while being really unique and beautiful. I like it being rounder and smaller than the T12 case, yet, having its own unique design compared to the T6 (which looked like black Airpods). With a matte finish, that has the TOZO brand on top, and a glossy ring for contrast- the outward of this case looks outright awesome.Nonetheless, that is where the fantastic details end with the case of the NC9. I might be spoiled at this point from all the other Tozo products, but I was sincerely disappointed to learn that this model DOES NOT have wireless charging. I was also sad to see that we went back to using dots as our sole way of determining the battery life of the case, which I am not a fan of. There's also no way to know the battery life of the earbuds.SUMMARYOverall, it's a good product. When it comes to the earbuds itself, they're great, the design is awesome, and personally my favorite design amongst the Tozo earbuds since it's as stylish and comfortable as ever. The connection process has also become more seamless than ever, being faster than all previous Tozo earbuds. The noise cancellation and transparency mode are also amazing new features that although they're not perfect, they are still convenient, and I hope it becomes a standard for future products that they improve on. However, while the sound quality is better than that of the T6, it falls far short of the T12. The case is also underwhelming as it no longer has wireless charging and has stepped back down to just using dots as the way to indicate battery life. There's also no IPX rating for these earbuds, which is dually disappointing. All in all, if battery indicators aren’t a deal breaker for you and wireless charging, waterproof rating and minor differences in sound don’t matter to you as much, I would recommend these earbuds. I personally use these now as my preferred method of watching videos, And YouTube on my phone, as the portable noise cancellation is really awesome.