First, Amazon: why are you worried about wi-fi signal from an ethernet cable? Consider my mind blown.If your home network is run through the router that your Internet Service Provider (ISP) provided, you don't need Cat 8 with very few exceptions. Cat 5e cables are certified to handle gigabit Internet, which is the home and small business standard. These cables WILL NOT make your Internet speed faster. You do not need these cables to stream video to your 8k television. A single PLEX steam runs fine through a wireless let alone gigabit connection. The connector's quality and larger pipeline may help with lag and jitter, but most people will never notice the difference. If your router is on the older side, it may not even know how to negotiate Cat 8 cables and may connect you at 10 base T speed instead of gigabit making them slow, overpriced Cat 4 cables.Why do you need Cat 8? If your network equipment is in an area with lots of interference from radio or power sources the improved shielding may help. If you are running a line through the floor of your home to a computer or support router is another good reason. If you are running a buried line to another property or guest house, Cat 8 is beneficial If you utilize a NAS or home server with many connections, a Cat 8 backbone on a reliable 10, 25, or 40 Gps router is very useful. Cat 8 is also useful if you transfer large files across a network although SFP is a better idea if you regularly do this.In my case, I suffer from a fair amount of noise in my setup with a router wedged between a cellular gateway, UPS, cable modem, two NAS, and two laser printers. All of this noise makes it difficult to maintain transfer speeds in excess of 500 megabytes per second on Cat 6a, thus the extra shielding on Cat 8 is helpful allowing me to achieve 800 megabytes per second speeds on large single file transfers. Keep in mind, your NAS must have enough drives to reach or maintain these speeds since the read speed of an enterprise SATA III drive is about 180 megabytes per second x 6 drives is theoretically 1080 megabytes per second. Uploading a file from a computer with the proper network card and a fast NVMe drive can quickly fill a cache drive before the speed degrades to the maximum speed of your drives for the remainder of the file transfer. In simple explanation, it takes a lot more than a network cable to maintain fast network speeds.These cables are well made. The connectors fit tightly. It is a personal choice, but I struggle with the idea of burying any cable without conduit since it is easy to forget where the line is buried. It is always better to hit a conduit and stop before you damage the line it contains. The hard connectors, anti-snag protectors, and stiffer cable are helpful if you are attempting to snake these between walls or floors. The additional shielding is beneficial for long runs and installations with interference. The price is in line with premium Cat 6 while providing better shielding making buried or concealed installation with Cat 8 a potentially better idea if you plan to expand your home network. I will look at this vendor for any Cat 8 needs.