First, the good, and there’s a lot of good. I bought this frame for my 99-year-old mom who has advancing dementia. She absolutely loves looking at the photos and it can keep her calm and entertained for literally hours. Being able to put captions has saved family members from constantly having to tell her who people are and what they are doing. Also, the ability to add short videos is an added bonus, and interspersed with the photos it’s delightful fun for her. The photos are crisp and clear. I like that you can make a photo full frame if desired. I chose this frame over others because of not only the lower price and overall good reviews but also because it has internal storage and no subscription fees. The Frameo app worked perfectly for all the family members. I can sit with my phone and add a photo and captions in a matter of seconds. No problems at all.Now for the couple of negatives, one which is extremely negative. The lesser is that you can’t edit captions once you’ve loaded them into the frame. When I realize I need to add or change a caption, I have to reload the photo and delete the prior one. (Unless I’m missing something that’s easier! I’ve only had the frame for about a week now.)Now for the extreme negative feature for those dealing with someone with dementia but I also think it’s not a great feature for anyone. But for my mom with dementia, it can drive whoever is sitting with her a bit insane. Underneath the caption, the name of the person who submitted the photo and the date they submitted it is automatically added. I have seen no way to remove this. So my mom will read the caption and then read what is usually MY name and the date—Every. Single. Time. Plus, because of her dementia, she thinks that I took the photo and I took it on that particular date. Which of course mostly makes no sense at all, especially when they are old photos and I wasn’t even born yet. Haha. For those without dementia, I still think it’s confusing because it really can seem that it is the person who took the photo and the date that it was taken. So I think there should be an option to remove that. Trust me. It’s important! After more than a hundred times hearing your name in one sitting, along with a current date and “you took the photo”—it’s important! But, her enjoyment of the frame and the ease of use, supersedes even this. Just wish they would fix that.