Finally upgraded from a Pixel 3. Under-screen fingerprint reader is working much better than I expected, but still a design decision I disagree with strongly. Fingerprint (I should say thumbprint) unlocks are near instantaneous when they happen, but sometimes it does take a couple of tries. Multi-auth sessions (phone unlock + secure app unlock) do not usually take any longer than a dedicated fingerprint reader -- at least so far.The actual device hardware is okay; the phone feels heavy and solid. The hard edge on the camera bump makes no sense to me, needlessly adding more areas for dust and lint to collect that feels unnatural and awkward in the hand. The official case does not solve this problem. Sound is well balanced for stereo but about what you expect without real front-facing speakers; there appears to be one speaker on the bottom-right edge of the device and another underscreen up top. Audio is too tinny to my taste for music, but I am impressed with that balance of sound from L to R between mismatched speaker types.Software-wise, the Pixel-to-Pixel transfer process was terrible, relative to recent experience with Samsung-to-Samsung. Some apps came through with their settings intact while others needed to be set up again from scratch or synced manually. A few old legacy apps I relied on were suddenly no longer supported despite using the same version of Android. System settings were a mess seconded only by another maze of broken menus for the Google Assistant. Scroll momentum felt actively bad on the device, although it was improved quite a bit by installing a ready software update. I expect this to continue to improve in time, although it again begs the question: Why didn't someone try this before making a bunch of them?For $600 on the 128GB model this thing is a steal though, and I feel confident recommending it easily. I think Samsung's doing a better job of maintaining consistency within their ecosystem, and Motorola is doing a better job at Android than Google, but for the hardware and camera you get here on a flagship device there is very little to complain about so long as you are comfortable waiting for Google to improve device performance and features via software updates.Would I rather see another Google-made device with a flush candy bar design, stereo front-facing speakers, and a dedicated fingerprint reader like my old Pixel 3? Definitely, take my money. But until that one shows up, this one will do just fine.