Coming from a 4 and a half year old Samsung S9+, I expected to be blown away by half a decade of technological improvements. Sadly, that isn't the case here. It's actually been kind of a step backwards.Battery life is average. I get better battery life than my last phone at the end of its life, but it isn't as good as when I first got my S9+. The adaptive brightness is very bright, the phone has gestures turned on by default that keep it on almost non-stop (these features can be turned off), and the 5G radio probably drains more juice than a 4G radio. If you're a heavy phone user, you'll need a charger. All in all, I expected better battery life.The features of the phone are top notch. The camera is great, vanilla Android with no bloatware is nice, and not having to fight with other voice assistants (i.e. Bixby) is simply amazing. There's no lag when using the phone. Looking forward to near instant Android updates. The E-sim was easy enough to set up through T-Mobile's website without needing a representative. So that was nice as well.What's not so great? The under screen fingerprint scanner is absolute trash. It works maybe 5% of the time. The phone isn't defective, and I don't use a screen protector. It's the quality of my skin, which is probably too dry. I can literally lick my finger and it'll work. I did not have this problem with any Samsung phone, going all the way back to my S7. With that said, it's difficult to transition back to PIN numbers and copying and pasting from a password manager because of the way the fingerprint scanner works. And I'd rather not be licking my finger, especially in public, in this day and age.I haven't really noticed any huge differences in speed for WiFi 6E or 5G. That was an important selling point for me, so I've been disappointed by real world speeds.Transferring phone info (photos, videos, apps, data in general) was a breeze. The USB-C to USB-C cable made it super simple and it took about 20 minutes. You can choose what to transfer.A phone charger isn't included. Your old charger will work, but if you want the fastest charging you'll probably need a new charger. I picked up a Google 30W charger for another $30.I'm hopeful Google steps up and fixes some issues through software, especially the fingerprint scanner, but I don't expect it. This phone could have been a real iPhone competitor, but Google dropped the ball.