For what they are, I think the device is well-engineered. The Pro 2s are high-quality earbuds. You really kind of need the Samsung app for the equalizer and the various settings you get with touch and sound, so make sure to get it. Without the app, I wouldn't really think they are the best choice. But most people will be using these with Galaxy phones. Equalizers per music player, such as VLC, are much better so be sure to use that if you have it to get the best sound.These buds are lighter compared to the previous Pro model. A huge plus. They fit perfectly in my ear almost, and they don't really seem like they will fall out even when running or working harder than normal. I will have to test them for longer lengths of time. So far so good.The packaging and contents are very simple: you get three sets of tips, though, the middle ones are default and worked great, with one smaller cord to charge the magnetic box for storage. It's a grippier, matte texture for the box too. Mine came in a simple plastic bag from Amazon.It is highly recommended you download the Wear app from Samsung. Once you have that they are very easy to set up, and you can constantly monitor whatever you need to with ease. Warranty and registration were a bit harder than I would have liked, but it's doable, not that the warranty is very long on these. You only get a year, and everybody should realize these cannot take many falls. They are very sensitive, so make sure they fit your ears!The features on these are pretty killer all told. I usually turn noise-cancellation off, as it uses too much battery, and I don't really want or need that kind of thing. Ambient sensors when talking are awesome, and the normal isolation is a good space between something like Etymotic in-ear headphones and Sennheiser open-backs. You can fiddle with settings to get your preferences for how you touch and manipulate the device. I found my preferences were quite easy to set up, and the whole thing took about ten minutes.I had no issues with sensitivity on the touch panel area of the earbuds. Works great for me. I do wish these came with a better equalizer, but the Clear setting is probably the most balanced. These are way too bassy out of the gate, and the response is definitely not flat. The Clear setting reduces the bass a bit for a more neutral and even setting with a touch of added treble. I just wish they would let us direct our own EQ options though. Seems like it would be a pretty easy addition to the software. Volume wasn't overpowering at max, but I think it did the job. Again, this is nothing like an amped pair of open-back headphones, so don't expect concert-level sound.AKG has engineered these fairly well in the product space. I'd put them up there with some decent midrange in-ear headphones like the Etymotic ER3XR. There is no way these will compete with any decent open-backs like a Sennheiser HD600 when amped, but I didn't expect that. For what they are, they do the job well, look and feel nice, and the new matte texture is vastly superior and more premium than the first Pro by a mile.All told, if you want to go the wireless earbud route, these are a top option with very few competitors when you take in the whole experience. They won't replace my normal wired headphones at all, but they might be a godsend at work when I just need to chill out and listen to some tunes without the bother of lugging my phone around and wires getting in the way.Now, I definitely do not really love Bluetooth headphones and the incredible lack of science surrounding radiation with these straight in your ear canal. I prefer use of a JBL Charge 5, which is wireless but an actual stereo model I can set in my pack.Just wanted to make clear I really don't recommend using these things for hours at a time. There is a serious lack of scientific knowledge on the amount of radiation over long periods of time. SAR data is used for 6 minute peak periods with cellphones, and though these are a little less powerful in that area, most wear them for WAY longer than that while directly in your ear. SAR data was made official decades ago. It means very little for these types of products and their use scenarios.If you do need some quality in-ear wireless buds, these are definitely an option to consider. Their SAR data was slightly below the Airpod levels at least. All in all you can't do much better for your wireless audio needs.