I bought these when my mpow flame 2s died. I see on Amazon there are a bunch of vendors selling various reskinned mpow models, but I didn't feel like taking a chance on overpaying for an inferior model (many aren't clearly labeled because they are trying to pass off as another brand entirely, so I don't know which model is which, in regards to old mpow model labels.) I went into these headphones expecting a comparable item, hopefully a little better, but not worse.Sound quality is kind of difficult to quantity, and everyone's hearing is different, but I find these to be at roughly the same quality level as my old headphones. It lacks a little bit of the bass the flame 2s had, but the sound is a little clearer. Overall a decent lateral move.I originally wanted wired headphones specifically, because I work during the summers with one headphone in, and the other ear free. These headphones can run with just the left, or right, unit in ear, while the other one can be in the case charging. This lets me use up the battery of one while the other reacharges, which is a big plus.The range is pretty decent for this price point, I get about 40ft unobstructed or 30ft with walls and such.The pairing was an unexpected bonus. It's very quick (both pairing to one another and to my devices) and when I want to put them away I don't need to individually shut them off and put them in the case. I can just take them out of my ears and place them in the charging case, and they automatically unpair and shut down. Same goes with taking them out, I just remove them, and they automatically turn on and pair to each other and then my device.Battery life is about what's advertised and the case battery hold multiple full charges. I use them regularly and find I only need to plug them in every few days. The case shows the case battery charge remaing.There are a few negatives. While the case will show the headphones charging (with a multi led indicator light rising) it doesn't show real time capacity. So, for example, there are 3 or 4 small leds, one set for R until one for L, that will turn on when you place the headphones in the case. It will flash the bottom light then middle light and last top, but that cycle will just repeat until they are full, at which point the lights turn off. They won't illuminate halfway when at 50% ECT. So I know when they are charging and when they are full, but not by how much, which seems like an odd choice given there are multiple lights there, seemingly to do just that.Another negative is the case feels very flimsy, especially at the joint. You need to be careful opening and closing, if you need these to last.Last negative I have is how the headphones hook into my ear. I need to have them tilted upwards (with the earband pushed further down the back of my ear) to get them to stay put. It sorta looks weird, like normally these types of sport headphones have the body of the until point straight ahead, and not pointing up towards my eye level. It's not a big deal, because they stay in decently well when fixed this way, but it feels like it's not supposed to be that way, at least compared to any other Bluetooth sport headphones I've used. These buds won't fall out of ear, but if I'm vigorously moving or talking, they can sometimes lose that tight in ear seal that gives the best sound quality and blocks outside noise. For my uses they do a good enough job though, and at least they don't straight up fall out.Overall I'm pleased with my purchase. I got them on sale (at time of posting) for around $26, which I feel these headphones are worth that much and a bit more. I'd probably pay up to $30 (maybe $35 if this specific style or brand had something others didn't and I wanted) but not more than that. These are decent budget headphones. I feel it's a good buy for money asked and would buy again. I hope this review can help some people decide on what to buy. In a sea of choices and reviews it can feel daunting.