As an avid casual cyclist, I've been using a pair of bluetooth over the ear buds that are cabled between the two ear pieces. I really like them but the cable would end up getting tightly pulled on one side as I would ride and I'd have to constantly pull it back into place. Furthermore, to change to the next song, I would have to press and hold the button for a couple seconds and when you are in "the zone" you don't want to have to wait for things like that.I wanted two separate ear pieces (over the ear for stability) that would allow me to change the song quickly. These definitely did the trick. When I first tried them on, I spent quite a bit of time trying to get them to sound just right. I ultimately found that the earphone tips that are provided are not optimal for my ears - they are hard and too large. Being disappointed in this, I had a pair of tips that I used on my previous set and they made a TREMENDOUS difference. For those of you with small ear canals - I would highly recommend these very cushion-y bud attachments (the smallest size)...https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00ANF6XTE/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_search_asin_title?ie=UTF8&psc=1Wow, what a difference. The bass became everything I wanted and sound was full with these on.I love the charging case these come with - for the price point, I really think these offer a lot if you're just looking to enjoy your music during exercise. They stay on very well, which is always a concern for me when exercising.There are two points of concern for me:1) Upon ordering these and registering them on the company's website, I was offered a free gift, to which I passed on. I'm leery of this, especially on Amazon as many sellers try to get 5 star ratings for their products with such persuasion tactics. This may not even be the case but I wanted to try these with a clear conscience and decide their worth and benefit from there.2) The volume buttons are disappointing as they require a pause between pushing them repetitively. ANYTHING that identifies itself as a sports product needs to have quick feedback. I don't want to be racing around a turn, about to shoot a basket or jumping rope and have to wait annoyingly to turn up my music. I should be able to rapidly tap those buttons and have them respond accordingly - apparently, the volume won't even go up/down if you press and hold the buttons. This also goes for turning the music down...if there's something blaring in my ear, I need to get that out of my ears quickly. In defense of the product, I was aware of this delay before I purchased them...I just didn't know how long the delay was until I tried them myself.