The noise cancellation is rather good and the transparency mode does a decent job of making it easier to hear what's going on around you. The sound quality over Bluetooth is particularly good and the EQ app seems to work fine. While I think the way it folds up is a little odd, it works. The mic works surprisingly well too. The battery life is rather impressive.I've been using it off and on for the better part of a week and it's still over 50%. I can't find a way to get an exact percentage but the battery icon has about 60% of the bar still filled. It only says it has a "high" charge when I turn it on.The biggest drawbacks to this headset are its wired mode and how smart phones handle Bluetooth headsets.I can't really fault Anker for the limitations of Android but it's worth noting that Do Not Disturb and similar modes are completely by-passed by Bluetooth. So, every call, regardless of whether they're on your contact list or marked as spam by your carrier will absolutely ring on your headset and interrupt whatever you are currently listening to. This makes them a nightmare for anyone trying to use the white noise feature of the app.This brings me to my only true complaint about them. They sound like $20 headphones in wired mode. You lose both the EQ functions and the noise cancelling mode, when in wired mode, and Anker shows absolutely no desire to change that. This is why I dropped it down to 4 stars. $80+ headphones should never sound so bad that I can compare them to stuff in the $20 range without exaggeration. I'm pretty sure I have a decade old $50 Plantronics headset that sounds better over a wired connection. The mic continues to work just fine in wired mode though.Strictly for comparison sake, I have a $80 (that's what I paid when they were new) pair of Audio-technica headphones that are wired and comparing them to the Q30 would be a joke. Even at its peak, in powered wireless mode, the Q30 gets absolutely trashed by my ATH-AD700. The only reason this headset is justifiable at its current price is because it includes a mic and its wireless. Of course, that's why it's not really fair to compare them. They're aimed at different use cases. I'm just pointing out what a massive gap there is between wireless and wired sets.As long as you use them, strictly as a wireless headset, they perform well enough to justify the expense. However, if you have any thoughts of using them in wired mode for an extended period of time, look elsewhere. While I'm happy it has a wired mode at all, I really don't understand why it has to sound so terrible in wired mode. At this price, it should at least be comparable to the $50 gamer headsets.