I really want to give this an 5 star review, but there are two things that really bugs me.1- the way the buds are placed on the dock makes me do"too many moves. The stem should be on the outer edge of the dock and the speaker should be on the inside. You have to pull it off and spin the buds to have inward towards the ears. I know, a bit of a pepive, it's just annoying.2- there's no way of seeing if the buds are fully charged if the dock is closed or open since the light comes on when opening the dock anyway.The pros.1- this set works amazing with battery size.2- sounds really good. If like to say for the price, but it's not cheap, it's inexpensive.3- the ambient sound detection does really good. It kinda distortion with stronger high pitch than low and mids but it's better than ones without the feature.4- I drive a van for work and work outside a lot, the background noise from the van and machines around me get dulled really well with noise canceling.On the negative side is the noise canceling, the microphone on a call doesn't work as well. I've had issues with people hearing me on a phone call with the noise cancelation on. It works better with ambient sound on.As for fitting and comfort, I haven found the right "cone" that better suits my ear yet. It comes with a good amount of sizes, but they are all mixed in one little bag making it annoying to find the same size pair. It says in good, but I'm always refitting them in. Not sure if buds are the best for working out since I'm constantly adjusting it. The other great thing about it is it stops the audio when falling out or removing them/ even one side. But it shouldn't be falling off that often.For those reasons I'm tempted to give it an 3.5 🌟 , but it works great and battery life 10-12hrs work shift all in one charge makes the other .5-1 🌟 on its favor plus the price for all those features speaks great value.Would I recommend? AbsolutelyIs it perfect? Definitely not, but worth the price.Update on the in ear cups.I've sound that the smallest cups fit really really well. All have to adjust it every now and then, but it's been much more stable. On the gym while running, or other exercises it just stays in with the occasional refitting. Not a all day in without re fitting, but I'm much happier that I found a better size to fit my ear canal. Battery still rocking solid..