The very first thing I noticed was the weight of this thing. It had some heft to it - and that is a good thing. It did indeed turn right on, and I did use the Android app to connect, so connection was easy peasy. I haven't had to use the app again since that initial pairing. I liked the overall look and feel of the speaker, though I am not much into aesthetics. It is certainly not unattractive. On to the sound review...I'm a fairly old guy so I have a strong bias toward Bose, meaning I've long respected the sound Bose gets from otherwise unconventional sizes and shapes. Haha. So I spent time moving the speaker around to various spots, in various rooms, in various spaces and such. Lord you can really tell the difference from place to place! That is textbook Bose. Find the sweet spot location - find the sound you want. So I was pleased to find this was the case here. Speaker placement can have a huge impact on the sound!Sometimes the speaker can sound thin, sometimes heavy. It all depends upon where it's placed. Some people might find this disconcerting. Trust me, that is the nature of sound. What I found was that outdoors this speaker sounds thin, losing much of the lows. Placed in a more constrained spot and the bass can overwhelm. All this is merely information - NOT A COMPLAINT! What I am saying is, that even for the low price, this a dynamic speaker. You gonna have fun playing with placement and location.Okay the bad. Not very loud. And it does not sound good at max volume. Gets messy, tinny, meh. Oh well, it's not a huge speaker, and it is at the bottom range of price for Bose. Maybe I should be thankful Bose is offering cheaper options. It's loud enough I suppose. But overall the middle sound range lacks clarity - at any volume. The highs are a bit tinny - at any volume. This is not an audiophile's dream, it will not replace your high def sound system. It is indeed a portable speaker. (I make a general comment below about the general state of modern streaming, wireless, etc., that coincides with this.)As for functionality, it's pretty bare bones on the actual device. I found the pressing of the "buttons" to be a bit stiff, but I can handle it. Obviously the majority of control is going to come from the broadcasting device. The volume of the speaker matches the volume of your phone (etc.) meaning it's using your personal device for volume control - not its own separate volume control. Obviously there are volume controls on the speaker though. This speaker is merely an extension of your personal device. It offers ZERO control or tweaking options outside of that. The app doesn't either.Bottom line. Provided this speaker continues to function, I am pleased. I’m sure it’s possible to find a better sounding speaker, even for the price, but I got tired of looking lol. I will try to update this review once I've had a chance to test the battery life, charge times, etc. I think the app has a battery meter? Hard to tell. These days you get next to no info on the devices you purchase. If it is a battery meter, then it appears to drain fairly quickly. But again - who knows. Virtual meters like that can't always be trusted.--------------------------------COMMENT ABOUT THE STATE OF TODAY'S MODERN LISTENING EXPERIENCEI made comments about this speaker's sound, but it's really hard to blame Bose. Sound quality is dependant upon many factors. Blu Tooth. My phone. Spotify lol. Buffering, bandwidth, compression. Sometimes the tunes on Spotify (etal) can be very poorly delivered. Whether it's the compression and quality of the source, or the speed of transport, I often get mixed results when streaming. No way has modern streaming come close to matching analog source, analog delivery. It is what it is. It's convenient, and that is the sacrifice. I accept it, begrudgingly at times, but I accept it. In some situations my 20 year old dual PC speakers, playing FLAC files, can sound better than this Bose streaming Spotify. They can certainly proved a much clearer sound, especially in the middle. Sound is, after all, an analog wave that vibrates your own inner drums. But I do have hope that future advances will improve the whole streaming mess. And it is a mess bwahaha!