I got these on December 6th, and I've only charged them maybe 2 times. I'm not wearing them daily, but maybe once or twice a weak for about an hour or longer. So the battery life is surprisingly good for such a price.I'm no audiophile, but the sound is pretty decent. It's clear and sharp, you can tell the bass is there, and not overly blown out or anything. The EQ modes may not be the best there is (sometimes it's hard to really tell the difference between each mode), but they help when trying to find a good balance between music and speech or spoken word.I've been using them with my smart tv. If you have a smart tv, and it accepts bluetooth devices (such as bluetooth speakers), you should be able to connect to it. There are some slight connection/pairing issues; turning the headphones on and then waiting for a device to find, accept, and pair may take 1 or 2 tries. The volume adjustment takes some getting used to; PRESSING "+" or "-" ONCE will either go to the next track or previous track. PRESSING AND HOLDING DOWN "+" or "-" will raise or lower the volume. However, depending on what device you're using the headphones with, trying to raise or lower the volume may be interpreted as many button presses (mashing the volume button many times in a short span) and increase the volume SIGNIFICANTLY. I'm talking wanting to remove the headphones as fast as possible. It's easier (and safer for your hearing) to use the volume rocker/buttons on the device you've connected to, rather than the volume buttons on the headphones.I've used maybe a 6 or more different types of headphones over the years, and these...are somehow some of the most comfortable pair I've had. I haven't cut my hair in about 2 or 3 years, so it gets in the way, and can make it a hit or miss when it comes to over-ear/cup headphones. They usually pinch the bottom of my earlobes, the headband will press into the top of my head, or are just generally uncomfortable. But wearing these on their maximum extended range fit almost perfectly, without feeling too loose or too tight. Unlike some other headphones, the headband is actually metal with a plastic shell and soft padding, so the weakest point is mainly the area at the top of the earcup where it can pivot and rotate.I don't know what I was expecting for with something in this price range, but I'm really surprised! Thinking about getting another pair.