Update 2: Hopefully this is the last update (dont want to overdue it on updating reviews) I have to that I have never had a high end pair of buds that are typical when people think of high end buds ... (say high end Sonys or Apple buds) and I have seen a few people compare the sound of these two the Airpods that look just like this ... I cant do that but hearing (no pun) people rave about the Airpods, I think "oh these sound better than those" maybe overselling these. HAVING SAID THAT... overall I like these more and more, as I use them. They have typical (aka great) TOZO quality and depending on what music i am listening to, the mids dont sound as "off" (I say that very loosely ) as I first felt. The mids and separation COULD be improved even though I do like these buds and the battery life could be improved. I still cant bring myself to say that for the same price, these would be worth it over the TOZO T6's (one of TOZO's best that I own) ... however I think i may have been a bit harsh in my original review versus how i feel now.Update: I have to say that I have seen these for $16.99 + Amazon coupon regularly here so in that price range, they are worth it, no doubt ... my "eh you may want to look at other TOZO products" was for when I saw them at $23.99 and no coupon here ... when the TOZO T6's were about $21.99 being on regular lightning deals. in that case if you dont care about the in-ear vs semi-in ear difference... go with the better buds and save money... however the semi-in ear design WAS a key reason i wanted these .. plus I love TOZO products. I also KNOW that being semi-in ear they may fall out compared to an ear in deisgn when say working out (heck that is why they have "sports ear buds" with ear-hooks.I still say the mids could use some work but in nearly sub $15 ... to have a well made decent sounding bud ... I cant complain too much.There is NO real noise isolation but that is the nature of semi-in ear buds not counting some high end Apple buds that I UNDERSTAND have ANC too and good ANC.The one con i'd say i still have is the glossy feel + the smaller case means sometimes they are hard to get out ... even turning the case upside shaking them, (that is a "pro" for the magnets however) doesn't work ... i have to grab them just the right way to get them out. Not a big deal and still happy I bought them. For the right price i'd even consider picking up a 3rd pair (second backup pair) for easy listening, jazz or just those times i dont want something IN my ear ... not that I have an issue with in-ear buds but sometimes i am just not in the mood for that style. TOZO would make a hit if they had A3's slightly bigger, more battery life and more separation in the case (that being why they are bigger) .. also improved tuning ... say call the T3's (like the T6's but in this semi-in ear style ... heck the fit of these is great as-is)Typing that last part reminded me of that other con ... the stems are so short that when i just adjust them in my ear i trigger the touchpad hence the controls ... annoying when it happens but any of these cons DO NOT make me dislike these ... just say the stems being short issue there ... i think "oh ... i will be more mindful when adjusting these".I DO disagree with "these would please an audiophile" reviews .. .I just feel like that is really over-selling these. Heck I dont even thing these are the best sounding TOZOs I have .. they still sound good enough but "these are the best sounding earbuds ever" will disappoint some people, expecting too much out of the sound, in my view-------------------------------------------------I have gotten to a point where listing the Bluetooth speakers, earbuds, or headphones I have would take up too much of the review, but TOZO alone .. .not counting family members who got wireless chargers and 2 pair (after almost losing the first pair and loving them) of T6’s … I have two pair of TOZO T6’s myself, as well as two pair of NC2s and now these A3s. I always wished TOZO would make a semi-in ear option as I am not always in the mood for an ear in style bud but I do not dislike them either.These are the first TOZOs in that semi-in ear style I have seen and I picked them up when I saw the sub $15 price at the time. I hate to get “negative” right away but just to start the review … I LIKE THESE but never having a pair of Airpods myself … I think comparing these to them may be a bit of a stretch. I just want to say that for those expecting TOP quality and top ANC and stuff like that. These are great for the price… but you are comparing these in two different price ranges entirely and I feel some folks may be disappointed in these great buds, just because their expectations were WAY TOO high.I will start off with my cons … these are Cons for me but not deal breakers or any big deal. There maybe other “general cons” I list below but that has to do with these not being the in-ear style and for this style which I WANTED, its “too be expected”.Cons:- Sometimes they seem “hard” to get out of the case … I have had earbuds hard to get out overall and while I say this … I have had worse .. and I SORT OF say this loosely … I mean it but its not a huge deal. I think the buds being “slippery” (so to speak) is part of the reason for this. I have to bring this up, but again its not a huge deal- Controls – The controls are good … I put that into “Pros” but since the stems on these are shorter than I am use to … which at first seems like a good thing… to adjust these I sort of grab them by the stems, but ALSO I put my finger on where the sensors are and I always trigger some command I didn’t mean to. This is not a huge deal but just something that has happened and I decided to mention it. Totally not a huge deal though.- Note this Con is for all semi-in ear buds and even some IN ear buds… If you are doing a lot of moving around and/or maybe running or something at the gym … a semi-in ear bud may not be for you … what I mean is if you are doing that I can see these falling out a bit … not an issue specific to this brand or model … but just a thing to note for some folks. I also have to say that I was not shocked by this (falling out if I moved a lot) nor was it my use-case while wearing these.Semi-”Cons”/ but more “here is where it’d be better/could be better”:- I wish the battery lasted long on the buds AND the case….. though I will comment on this in a moment. I have not hard to charge them YET but am just going on the advertised numbers.- Sound quality – I don’t want to over or under “sell” this but having the TOZO T6’s and NC2 which I ADMIT that many sites I have seen … the reviewers who have tried these two models and the T12’s and T10s as well as the NC7 or NC9s … they say “The T6 and/or NC2s are their two favorites” and I am comparing the sound to those. They are not as good as the T6’s which I use daily and love… but for sub $15 at times … these are decent sounding. I just saw another review where the user said these need help in the mids … I totally agree … they sound good don’t get me wrong, but they can be improved. Also note that may use-case is listening to music, watching Youtube, and watching Movies and TV Shows. I think if you use these for podcasts or audiobooks mostly then this sound “issue” is less noticeable. I have had a pair that I got for $15 that I didn’t have high hopes for … sound wise and comfort wise, these BLOW THOSE OUT OF THE WATER.I have to note here that these SEEM like TOZO’s sub $20 A series of semi-in ear buds … the battery issue and tuning/sound issue may be “fixed” if they say release a $20-$35 model .. .say the “T3’s” (note: I made that model number up) say the same style earbud, with a stem a tad longer, maybe the case is a LITTLE bigger…. Basically some of these “could be improved” thoughts would be likely on the next semi-in ear model of TOZOs up, which may be their next offering, anyway.Also there is NO ANC and even no real passive NC here but that is what you typically get with semi-in ear earbudsPros:- Comfort/Build Quality – One of the main reasons I wanted these though I knew some of those “could be improved” things were going to be a part of these buds … was the fact that I love TOZO products and am a fan of wearing semi-in ear styles at times and for that .. these are very comfortable. I had a pair of LASUNEY earbuds that I purchased for the same price. I don’t want to oversell this but they actually hurt my ears (again I don’t want to go overboard) and they were SO FLAT sounding .. like even my Jlab GO Air Pop’s in Balanced mode that I consider “flat sounding” sounded so dynamic compared to the LASUEY’s … and to be honest there are 100’s of “no-name brand” buds in this say $15 or maybe less range and you can get real bad products.I have to watch how I say this because some may take it the wrong way. I see where TOZO cut BACK to make these generally (most times) sub-$20 and even $15 or so … I mean cut BACK … not “this is where TOZO got cheap” … while I feel they are not as good (maybe the glozzy case is just making me think that… I am open to do an update to this review later) as the TOZO build quality wise … Comfort and Build Quality wise … these are very good and better than what I’d expect in this price range.While I had issues with them … the Earfun Air Free Mini’s (which I had to return but I picture being like TOZO’s A1s even though I don’t have the A1s) … those were built good too I admit … the sub $20 range I think is where you can get cheap PRICED buds but also cheap QUALITY buds … I’d say any part of TOZO’s A series which is in that range price wise are well made … even if other TOZO buds are just made …. I was going to say “better” but I feel that is saying these are made “cheap”. I admit I am not sure how I want to word this but … bottom line is these are made well … but the higher priced TOZOs with bigger battery times and better sound seem better… now are the A3s similar to the A1s and A2s ? … I don’t have them to say, but I am guessing “yes”.- Sound Quality – These are not the best … there could be better separation .. and the mids sound good do not get me wrong … but they don’t sound as good as some of my other buds, but I have also heard much worse. For the price range of under $20, they really sound good, but for some expecting them to sound just as good as some really higher end buds… those people may be disappointed. One issue I have is one of the models I use regularly are my TOZO T6’s and SOME consider them to be one of TOZOs best OVERALL (say the NC9’s may have good ANC, but “not as good overall sound quality to the T6’s” in some reviews) earbuds … so comparing the sound profile of the T6s’ to these A3s may be unfair … I do think that another bud in this sub $20 price range does sound better … the Jlab Go Air Pop…. HOWEVER … that is with EQ help too and also in the built in EQ option of “Jlab Signature” … NOT the other two built in Jlab Eqs (Bass or Balanced). If you compare the A3s to those two Jlab Go Air Pop Eqs … its more of an even match. I also can not compare these to the A1s or A2s from TOZO though I picture all 3 of the “A series” buds are going to sound similar.These sound decent for the price range and even blow some in this range away (mainly because THOSE buds are so bad sounding) but just manage your expectations is all I am saying. If you plan on listening to podcasts and/or audio books … don’t worry about any of this Equalizer stuff… these will be great.----------------------------------------------I’d totally recommend these as long as you know what you are getting. There is no ANC, there is no real passive NC (that is to be expected except for MAYBE certain Airpods with ANC and a semi-in ear design .. the battery life could be better, but these are VERY comfortable to me.The ONE time I can say I do not recommend these (so to speak) is when I see these for $23.99 and no Amazon coupon … even with a 10% off coupon it’s not worth it … BECAUSE overall … I have seen TOZO’s T6’s on lightning deals every few days it seems for $21 or so … that is a much better overall deal… save $2 and possibly (i’d love to try their NC7 or NC9 buds… the NC2’s are really good) get one of TOZO’s best models.I also have to say that I saw a used-Like New pair from TOZO’s store (I think) come up … $11.99 … as I am typing it another seller has the A3’s for that price and I have a second pair coming that hasn’t shipped … and yes I know there is no warranty from TOZO on this second pair, but I am SO HAPPY I ordered another one. I side-sleep and at times when I don’t care about the buds blocking out noise, I enjoy having this style of bud in … at least the ear facing away from the pillow … I hardly feel them in my ear at all.