I like these earbuds for one specific use case, but overall there are better, more well-rounded options if that use cases doesn't apply to you - like the TOZO A1 (same price) or better yet, the TOZO Crystal Buds (a little more than double the price, but well worth it).I wear these exclusively while I'm out and about in the world, running errands and that sort of thing, where I might need to take them out quickly to be able to hear people talking to me, or I might get a phone call that I want to take. Their extended antenna and lack of removable tips makes it effortless to remove and reinsert them into my ear canal without dropping/losing a tip or having to recompress and reinsert (I use foam tips to get the best sound quality and isolation). Their glossy white surface also makes keeping them clean very easy.Unfortunately, the drawback is that these don't seal in your ear canal (although they're well-shaped for my ears and get respectably close), which negatively affects sound quality and fidelity, especially bass. Having said that, I'm not sure if TOZO has *overcompensated* for the potential loss of bass by giving these a *lot* of bass bias - to a fault, in my opinion.Rather than a pleasant powerful thump, bass is boomy and very muddy, and comes at the expense of mids and highs getting totally lost in the mix. Vocals are distant and thin, and guitars and other midrange instruments are easily overpowered by boomy bass. It sounds like an EQ with the deepest bass turned all the way up, and everything else flat or even turned down. Even if you really like bass, this is probably not the kind you prefer.As I mentioned, for the same money, you can get a pair of TOZO A1 earbuds, which have a different body and case shape, but similar features, including removable earbud tips. Get a set of foam tip replacements (like ZNARI T500) and jam away with pretty darn good, decently well-rounded sound for the money. Those have a fair amount of bass but it's not overpowering at all.Or, if your budget allows, spring for an extra $20 for TOZO Crystal Buds (I'd also recommend the foam tips for those), which have really blown me away with sound quality rivaling midrange over-ear headphones. They most definitely punch above their weight class. Plus, those have longer battery life and some extra features like integration with the TOZO app, which gives you some EQ preset options that let you change the sound character a bit. Those have punchy bass (the good kind) but also have very clear mids and highs that really give you the full experience of your music. Nothing is drowned out, muddy, or muffled - they're very balanced in their sound.To sum up, these can be convenient to use and can give you the look of Apple Airpods (if that's important), but in my opinion, that's at the cost of relatively poor, overly bass-heavy, boomy, muddy sound. I'd strongly recommend one of those other two TOZO models instead.