I saw some mixed reviews on people with similar setup. I wanted to add some thoughts -- as I don't feel either good or bad reviews give good feedback.What's being advertised is very accurate - and maybe some. The kit is for displays 13-42' inches - up to 44 pounds. I mounted two different monitors on it.Monitor #1 - LG 38GN950-B 38This is a 38' inch UltraWide Curve monitor - 21 pounds. This monitor mounted easily onto the arms and required little muscle. Tilting required was a bit annoying because you need to tighten and loosen two bolts with the supplied ALLEN wrench. Leveling was also very easy. I felt that this kit held this monitor in a sturdy manner. I was not nervous at all it would fall off.Monitor #2 - SAMSUNG 49-inch Odyssey G9This is a 49' inch UltraWide Curve monitor - 31 pounds. This monitor took some time to mount onto the arm and required a lot of effort. This is attributed to aforementioned tilting mechanism. Because the monitor was fairly heavy, the bolts did not tighten well enough. The weight of the monitor made it want to tilt downwards. This can be very dangerous, is the monitor could also fall off if left to tilt too far down. One is required to really torque the hell out of the bolts in order to keep the monitor tilted at the desired angle. However, the leveling feature is not an issue. It requires only a simple rotation. Now the thing that makes me most nervous, is there is some bouncing that occurs when I go to use the monitor's menu button. It just does not give me confidence that it is an OVERALL - sturdy feel.I cannot knock the product for not making me "feel" it is sturdy behind what it is advertising to hold. But for anyone wanting to hitch a 49' inch monster on this kit, it can take it. It's just not going to give you that feeling that it's ok there.This product WOULD be a 5-star product. However, the deduction comes from the tilt feature. Even with the lighter 38' inch LG, it takes some care and work. You would need to hold the monitor tilted upwards while you also screw in each bolt to tighten. Again, the heavier the monitor, the more risk you will take of it tilting too far down and possibly falling off. My work-around was standing on a stool so I had better leverage on the job. You are most likely going to hold and tighten things down from a top position. I am 5'7 (i think average) and a step stool helped a lot.I've dealt with other mount kits before, and this feature would be improved if the bolts had a a handle on it. It would make screwing in the bolts on larger displays much easier.Perhaps, some of the annoyances and nervousness are being priced in with how affordable this kit is. It totally earns 4-stars for that. But I would imagine - if they upgraded the tilting feature with bolts that had handles on them, they could charge $2 more and people would still purchase.