O.K. I never thought I'd own a pair of beats earbuds, bud I do. And I have to stay, they're not bad. There's a (alright, there's a few) caveats, but not enough for me to return them. The build is the typically spun hardened plastic, of a oddly shaped buds that interestingly fit near perfectly. The buds are tiny, compared to many other brands. As mentioned they're oddly shaped, by two (also an oval shaped flat surfaced which is used to control the buds) angular sides and a round ball in front, where the canal protrudes that you attach your tips. The fit isn't bad, and once sealed it doesn't move around, or fall out whilst doing certain activities. I use XL sized silicone tips. I find they work best for me, for almost every bud I've owned or tested over the years.If the fit is too short, you can always use double, or even triple flange tips. Which I use on occasion. Depends on the buds I'm fitting in question. That extra length can help get the seal you need for the most optimal sound reproduction. Throughout this year I have tried a plethora of buds. From Sony's XM3, to Audio Technica CKS5TW And Nuarl (I plan to get them again, when funds permit) N6Pro's , which I actually (they have a really good sound, rich luscious bass, sweet and engaging mids, and to top it off, a sparkling treble, not over the top, mind you) liked, but the buttons were a little finicky. As to why I returned them.The biggest, most prevalent issue I came across was that most of them didn't fit properly, at all. I could barely get the XM3's in, and keep them in. As with Shures Aionic, another I liked and wanted desperatelythem to work out. Because they sounded great. The Studio buds are not a problem. It takes me seconds to insert and position them in my ears. The only (again, there's more than one) detraction I have, is that the buds are easy activate whilst attempting to insert them into your ears. For me it's not a deal breaker. Oh, I almost forgot an important issue. And that is with the battery life. They average a minimum three plus hours. Which is not that long. Then again, who spends more than three hours listening to stuff ? Well, I do. These are for nighttime use mostly. I use them when my roomy has gone to bed. So I need to get an average fours plus. One night I got close to 5 hours. Guess it depends on usage. What else can I say, other to try for yourself. . At the least, you can return them if you're not happy, right. I'm using them now, as I do at nights.I'm going to buy the Philips Fidelio T1's. I bought and had to return for a replacement. But the delivery person did not deliver them, when they came. Why, I don't.. But I became infuriated and cancelled the order. to buy at a later date. I loved the sound. They have a hybrid configuration of a DD and a BA. For those who don't know the abbreviations, it's dynamic driver, and balanced amature drivers. That's , cause sound is impressive. And the price on them now, is 155$ A drop of a 100$ A good deal to me, for a worthy set of buds. all I'm gonna say for now. But I am going to acquire them I'll be editing removing any errors. But for now, enjoy. Hope it can help you decide