I needed some earbuds quick like after I couldn't find my trusty buds and I had prime, these were the only available ones for one-day same day shipping, and they used USB-C to charge, and my GF needed a pair as well. And when you type ANC into amazon's search these are the only ones that come up. Should've read the specs a bit harder; that isn't TOZO's fault just amazon being unfriendly.Anyway, onto the buds:The construction:They are, the definition of mid, meh, whatever. Okay, fine, these are awful-ish? They are super plasticky feeling, not a slippery plastic feeling but these weren't built with quality in mind. They are fine to be honest. The eartips included are those flimsy plastic ones that are always included in cheap-o buds like these. Maybe they are silicone but I couldn't tell that's for sure. They do the job but it could've been done better. The default tips work fine for me but maybe experimenting with the included ones can get me a better seal. The buds themselves feel fine. They are shockingly light so I could see these being an advantage for fitness people who need earbuds that last two hours max for a gym outing. The charging case is where they really cut back. It's not the best built case. If the buds are waterproof the case most definitely is not. Be careful because if you loose the case you lose the buds anyway. The lid on the case closes with even the slightest of breezes so that WILL annoy you very quickly. See the included video in this review. When you put the earbuds to charge the lights on the case light up once, and that's it. There's no other activity to indicate the earbuds are being charged so you have to open the case and look at the buds themselves. The buds themselves only have a blue light or red light for charging or something. There's no included instructions on the packaging so you'll have to take your best guess on what that means. Luckily most bluetoth hardware should show the charge on the buds.The sound:These are not your audiophile phones that's for sure. I've messed around with various EQ settings on my phones, PC, laptop, etc. I just can't quite get them to behave right. That being said after walking around and playing music through them while shopping at Costco and such I've been pleasantly surprised at the ability to damped sound. Way better than I expected.Fit:The one part these headphones shine is that they are very comfortable to wear. At no point was I tired of wearing them, they just fit right. They are light and the angle they are built in works for your ear. I've gotta say it's a good design. Wish they had better everything else. If you are the kind that sleeps with earbuds on these may be your ticket.Pairing:Worked just like your standard Bluetooth earbuds. Take them out, check your Bluetooth menu, pair them, and you are done. I should point out the announcer voice is hilariously awful. No multi-device pairing so be careful of that one. These connected to my Samsung phone before my Pixel 4XL (my main phone) for some reason and I was lost for a bit wondering why they weren't connecting. Something to watch out for if you have various Bluetooth devices around you and are wondering why they aren't pairing right.Packaging:Very eco friendly packaging. Everything was cardboard with some kind of eco-friendly foam thing which felt not unlike a dish scrubber. Included was the eartips, a comically small USB-C cable and the buds and case themselves. I have to say, I approve. The less plastic I have to deal with the better.Summary:If I could sum up these earbuds it would be simple:"Great design, decent implementation"It would be nice if Tozo could take this same design and make a better high end version of them.