This is a wonderful set of earbuds. Here's my breakdown:-Size - for really small ears like mine, where not a single other earbud I tried stays in my ear, these earbuds are amazing. They really stay in, no matter what! And they come with 4 different size tips (the 1 that's on the earbud and 3 other sets) to fit anyone. I needed the smallest size for it to comfortably fit.-Comfort - They are really quite comfortable and very small and non-intrusive. I wouldn't say they are perfectly comfortable and I can't wear them for hours, but honestly I don't expect that anything in my ear would feel perfectly comfortable. I just wore them for a 35 minute phone conversation and my ears felt fine during and afterwards. Any other earbud I tried hurt my ears.-Sound quality and volume - When I wear both earbuds it's great. When I wear 1 earbud (which I do most of the time because I need to hear what's going on around me and it's more comfortable for me), it's very good but a little lower and slightly less quality. There are probably earbuds out there with better quality but I don't feel like I'm compromising much (especially for the price). Also the smallest earbud tips don't fully block out outside noise, which for me I'm happy with - makes it more comfortable too and not like I'm underwater- but others might not like that. When I tried 1 size up it did block out the noise better, which likely means it fits my ear more fully, but I chose to go smaller for comfort. (Yes, my ears are pretty sensitive.) Another thing to mention is that often when I hang up from a phone call, the earbuds often stay on "playing" mode and make a tinny noise repeatedly until I "pause" it manually from my phone. I'm not sure how to resolve that issue, it could be the earbuds need to be reset.-Microphone - for me this was most important because I mainly need earbuds for phone calls. So far everyone has been hearing me just fine, with only occasional requests to repeat myself. And this is with me walking around and doing alot of housework and other things while talking. The only complaint I got from 1 person on the other end was that they heard all the noise from what I was doing as well. Meaning, the mic picked up loud rustling, talking from others, etc. Quiet noises were not picked up.-Ease of bluetooth connection - very easy. There's literally nothing to it once you connect the first time.-Using the touch area for functions - firstly, I love that it's not too sensitive to touch - ie. you can't accidentally hang up on someone or mistakenly switch songs. It's also bulky enough around the sides that it's easy to take out of your ear or adjust it without touching the touch area. That being said, you have to really touch the whole touch area to do different functions so it might take an extra try. It takes a bit of practice to get the hang of using the touch area - like knowing when to tap once, twice, 3 times, or tap and hold, and for which function. I am also a bit limited because I use 1 earbud (ex. for volume you tap and hold the L earbud to lower it and do the same for the R earbud to raise it). So far it's working to use 1 or 2 functions and do the rest from my phone, and I'll add more as I get used to it.-Instructions - the instructions are not fully inclusive and clear but they are clear enough for you to get the hang of using the earbuds. They also have good instructions with pictures of the correct way to position them in your ear, which I found helpful.-So far I've not had to charge the earbuds at all, but I only had them for a few days and didn't use them too much so it's hard to know what the battery life is.Overall, a great buy and I look forward to using these buds for awhile.