I've had these for about a year now. They were fine at first-- decent sound, okay range, very acceptable battery life for my needs. The touch controls were always a little finicky and I think never quite worked like they were supposed to, but I chalked that up to the fact that these are decidedly not high end.Now, after a year, the touch controls are completely nonfunctional. The only way to stop/start music, change volume, advance tracks, etc is through the computer or phone the earbuds are paired with. There are also some signal issues, where I can be sitting right next to the device the Tozos are paired with, and there is still occasional skipping in the audio, like they're struggling to maintain a consistent signal. I've reset them multiple times, but the issues persist.For the price, it's not the end of the world, but it's still pretty upsettingly wasteful to need to buy a new set of earbuds after just a year. Unfortunately, I guess you do get what you pay for.edit: originally posted Sept. 2022, updating Jan. 2023Tozo reached out to me to apologize for the fact that my A1s had lost so much functionality, and to offer a free set of comparable earbuds (I guess the A1s were not available?). I ended up with a pair of T6 Tozo bluetooth earbuds, which are similar but not exactly the same. The earbuds themselves are slightly larger than the A1s and the case is a good bit larger. I have small ears, so the size difference does matter for me, but for adults with more normal-sized heads it probably won't be a huge issue. The controls are largely the same, although the touch responsiveness on the T6s seems to be a lot better than the A1s out of the box. The range seems similar to that of the A1s when I first got them, maybe a little bit better. The T6 case charges much faster than the A1 case did.As with the A1s, the sound is not superlative but it's fine. They plug your ears pretty well so there is a bit of a mechanical noise cancelling thing going on, which can make them unpleasant to wear for any uses where you have to be speaking (since your own voice sounds super weird when you're wearing them). They are relatively inexpensive bluetooth earbuds, they aren't going to win any audiophile awards. But they are totally fine for my needs, which is just listening to music or podcasts while working around the house.So far, the T6s work. All the touch controls are functioning and the blipping out of range is not nearly as constant and disruptive as it was when the A1s started to die. I received them in either late November or early December '22 and it's now January '23, so only time will tell how they hold up. But my initial experience with them is positive and I am very happy with Tozo for reaching out to at least attempt to address a product failure.