I was required to get a 5-6 ft camera pole for a new gig where I needed to get the camera high enough to take close up photos of roofs without using a ladder.CON-When I put the phone between the c clamp holder I have to put it almost to the end of the phone so the pole holder does not appear in the photos when taking a photo in wide angle shoots-I can't seem to get the phone to sit straight in the device. Each time, I have to fiddle with it a lot more than I expected or over compensate for the angle it ends up clicking into.-the remote is a little quirky by not always taking the photo when I push the remote button to take the photo and I have to bring it back down to test it and try again wasting a good shot and time. It could be user issues too.- I am short and the pole extended all the way up and me holding it by the tripod end does not get high enough to get a photo above the gutters as I need it to. I am just more or less getting a high wall or gutter photo and not a roof photo that I need. I am almost ready to give up on this pole working for me. -The phone being approximately 9' in the air you can't see what it is taking a picture of to get the angle right to take the perfect photo.-I kept losing the remote or was finding it hard to get to the remote when the phone was up in the air. The remote does have a little opening to allow for a lanyard to be looped on it to wear around my neck when I am on job sites. But a lanyard or arm wrist bracelet does not come with this stick. So you have to find one on your own.-Found it hard to keep the phone steady when it was up in the air 9'.-have not used the tripod feature to commentPRO-the remote was easy to bluetooth connect with my samsung galaxy S21 ultra. And the remote does seems to stay connected. It came with a battery for the remote.-the extension clamps work well to keep the pole extended.In summary it is just not working as I had hoped in my first few trips and disappointed that it is so hard to get the perfect photo for 90 percent of my needs.