Or at least, I'd like to give it 3.5 stars, but since Amazon won't allow it, I'll have to go with 4. Why 3.5? Well to begin with these are great budget earbuds. Convenient, long lasting battery, good quality sound (for the price), and easy to use. To be honest for the first few months I loved these earbuds. But they do have enough issues that I cannot give it 4 stars.Design Issues: For starters, the case, while being less bulky than some others, is not easy to carry. Now, if in a bag/purse/satchel/backpack/etc., this isnt a problem. And the case fit fine in my cargo pockets and the outside pocket of my suit jackets, but in every main pocket in both pants and shorts it was bulky, uncomfortable, and stretched out the pocket. And even though they are designed to be able to be carried by a cord, the magnetic clasp isnt always the most secure, and neither is the magnet that holds the earbuds in. If knocked, the earbuds will likely fall out of the case.Issue two: while they *are* waterproof and sweatproof (though I'm not sure to what degree), they will not stay in your ear when wet. I often found the earbuds sliding out of my ears whenever they got wet.Minor inconveniences: sometimes the earbuds would not connect to my paired phone. This was easily fixed by manually connecting them in my phone's "Settings" app. The touch sensitivity is very odd. There where time when brushing against it would activate it, and other times when I had to press hard to get it to work.Performance Issues: About 3 months into using these earbuds, the left earbud would no longer "snap" into place to charge 100% of the time. Often I have had to manually position it to get it to charge. If the case does not stay perfectly upright, the left earbud would jostle loose, connecting to my phone (when I couldn't/ didn't want to use the earbud), Often without my noticing. Then about 2 months later, the right earbud dropped significantly in volume, and has stayed that way ever sense. The sound is not distorted (for example, if it had burst from being too loud, the sound would be mixed with harsh static), but it is about 25-50% lower than the left.If you have read this far props to you lol. Ultimately, these are decent earbuds, but they have they're drawbacks as well. I don't expect the audio issue to be common, but magnets weaken over time, and these are a bit on the weak side to begin with.TL;DR Good for the price, not the best. Do a bit of comparison to other, similar products before buying these.