TLDR (full review below):Update the firmware if things are oddly bad, it helped a lot for me, raised all scores, 3 star to 4 starGood sounding earbuds, especially at the $40 sale price point. They sometimes miss on details from complex songs and will leave some people hanging in terms of bass level, but shine in vocal performance, especially for refined content like TV shows or podcasts.Epic Music = 4/5Jazz = 4/5Electronic = 4/5Choral (and podcasts) = 4.5/5Rock = 3.5/5YouTube/Twitch = 4/5Netflix/Hulu/etc = 4.5/5Controls = 4/5Comfort = 3.5/5--------------------------------------------------------------------To start off, the unboxing experience is fine, there is nothing wrong right off the bat. The earbuds are easy to pair and fit nicely in my ears with the default eartips. They are not too heavy at first impression and are adjustable to a pretty comfortable spot. Not having a wire resting on my hair and neck also feels nice. So far so good.When I initially started working with these earbuds, I was pretty disappointed. There were a lot of issues with some mid and high sounds, like violins, as well as problems with the bass. And I thought, 'if there are problems on all parts of the spectrum, this is pretty disappointing...' However, after looking into things a bit further, things were oddly inconsistent, so I decided to scour around on the internet a bit. I found on the Tozo website there was a firmware update APK, so I thought I would give it a try. Turns out it helped a massive amount. A lot of the confusing distortion went away and the mid and high sounds are much cleaner. The only comment I would make about this is it would be nice to have this firmware bundled with the earbuds themselves. And if that's not a possibility, then make the APK more official seeming. Downloading that APK and installing it on my device from local storage does scare me a bit, as that is a much more insecure method. I would much rather see it come from the Play Store if possible.---Anyway, to the actual review. Starting off with film-score/epic music. Featuring albums like The Avengers/Pirates of the Caribbean film score or creators like Two Steps From Hell/Audiomachine. The earbuds handle the complex, layered audio of the genre decently well. I did find myself missing some fairly minor details in songs that I know are there, but nothing major was out of place or missing. A solid 4/5.Moving to jazz music, the earbuds kick it up a bit. Featuring artists like Frank Sinatra, John Coltrane, Snarky Puppy, and Gordon Goodwin. The vocals start to shine more and the brass really pops, while not losing any of the drumline or too much bass. Delivered good quality for earbuds, with the only complaint being sometimes I missed the bass a bit much. Again, 4/5 overall.Heading to electronic, the music is now from artists like The Glitch Mob, Daft Punk, Celldweller, and MitiS. The story is the same as both the above. The bass is sometimes missing from those crucial songs and sometimes details is lost in others. But here, the mid and high focus does more songs justice, so I'll have to give them another 4/5.Switching gears to choral music, I really had enjoyed the vocal profiles that these earbuds had showed in other genres, and that really shines here. The only complaint is missing my brothers in the basses sometimes. But a 4.5/5 nonetheless.I finish off my music playlists with (classic) rock. Considering the problems in the past, I expect these earbuds to struggle a bit, and they do. Coming from artists like DragonForce, AC/DC, and Led Zeppelin, these are the songs I want to crank and get some punch. But the bass just doesn't quite deliver like I'd want it to. If you're more into the R&B, funk, soul, and other genres of "oldies", you'll have a better time, but as it is, I give these a 3.5/5Flipping the coin over to YouTube and Twitch, nothing in the earbuds really turned me away from a specific video or stream. Which is more than enough for me, especially if I'm going to be moving around, watching these on my phone. Easily a 4/5.Finally, checking out Netflix, Hulu, and other content streaming services, things went perfectly fine. The more refined audio of these platforms definitely shows up over amateur content creators of YouTube and Twitch, and I never found myself wanting to move to my phone speakers or go through the trouble of moving my headphones. A nice 4.5/5.---Finally, there's the control and comfort level. I read some people disliked the touch controls as it was very receptive when putting the earbuds in the ears. And this is true. However, its not something that's too annoying for me, and handling them around the tips isn't too hard to get adjusted to. The controls themselves are intuitive and only took me around an hour to get used to and take advantage of. I still prefer using my phone for volume level, but its the best that can be done with the limited interface. 4/5As for comfort, I find these are a bit uncomfortable after prolonged usage (2.5+ hours), causing the outside of my eardrums to feel a bit sore. So that is slightly problematic as I am a computer worker, so I deal with a lot of listening time. But they have a redeeming side, which is laying down on my side to watch content in bed or on the couch is not horribly uncomfortable and actually tolerable for comfort and performance for shorter amounts of time, which is great for me, a side-sleeper. This gives them another 4/5.---So overall, I like the buds, and will have to see how I grow into them. A solid 4/5 pair overall, and would likely recommend if they are ever on sale for the $40 I got them at.