I love bass. Growing up listening primarily to hip hop, R&B, and jazz, bass is the heartbeat of the music I most listen to. I’ve used Xtrabass headphones as well as haptic enabled gaming headsets, so I was curious about haptic enabled music headphones. Sound quality is surprisingly good. Usually bass heavy headphones are a one-trick pony with excellent bass and little else. These Crusher evo cans sound excellent across the entire sound profile. Highs, mids, and lows sound equally good with no tones overpowering the other. That is unless the bass slider is slid to higher levels. That’s when things get interesting. Using the bass slider is much more convenient than app-based bass controls. However, Skullcandy does offer an app for more granular tuning and control. Just be aware that sliding beyond a quarter increase in bass intensity can result in a little too much bass. Not only does the intense, physically felt, pounding bass almost entirely overpower all other notes but it actually becomes a little painful due to the haptic feedback. I get both earaches and headaches after extensive listening. In fairness, I get the same from my haptic enabled gaming headset if I turn the haptics up to the highest levels. So, these are excellent sounding if the bass is kept to lower levels. Problem is, the head rattling bass is the biggest selling point. I guess it depends on each listener’s tolerance. As far as build quality, these feel solidly constructed and well crafted with a nice premium feel. Not a big fan of the storage pouch and would much rather it have a rigid storage case like the similarly priced and quality competition but it’s not a dealbreaker by any means. Overall, the Crusher Evo are great sounding and solidly crafted. They don’t have ANC but the seal and passive noise blocking from the cup design is actually pretty good. It blocks mild to moderate household sounds when I’m listening. Obviously it’s not as robust as ANC but unless commuting on public transportation or frequently using the headphones in loud noisy environments, ANC isn’t really necessary to create a nice isolated soundstage, which these do well. Just go easy on the bass if you want music to remain listenable and to not have to possibly take an aspirin later for head and ear aches.