For $20, this has been an excellent purchase.Many of my headphones, sometimes at double the cost, have broken pretty quickly when I tried to wear them to bed. And they weren't very comfortable either. Even my wireless buds broke pretty quickly, or would fail to sync etc.Comparatively, I've had this for a few months with no durability issues. I've removed the components, washed the headband, put it back together and still functioning just as well. And they're the best sleep headphones I've had so far in terms of comfort.For reference, the construction of this is simple: a headband with some sewed in borders, a tiny volume control, and just some wires reaching out to the earpads. But this simple construction has outlived most of my past headphones, which, when combined, probably cost 5x+ this price. Simpler is often better!Since the wires don't get tangled, they aren't nearly as likely to break (and they're a bit firmer than some headphone wires too), and you don't have to constantly untangle them either. Usually, tangle-free headphones cost much more because they add some innovation to it (like a zipper, etc). This simplifies that issue because the wires don't move much inside the headband; they stay in a circle and in the same place most of the time (a bit of stretching and movement during sleep expected though).Yes, these do not cancel noise much at all, and that is abundantly clear from the reviews. But that was a trade-off I was willing to take. And for $20, I wouldn't expect noise cancellation anyway.Yes, the audio quality is average, nothing to write home about. Again, I wasn't looking for high quality audio and would obviously expect that to come at a much higher price.Yes, there are some annoying software gimmicks that I would hope they would iron out. That's why I gave 4 stars instead of 5.As other reviewers mention:- When you max out the volume it has this SUPER LOUD beep. Not very helpful for sleep... and totally unnecessary too.- The volume controls require that you hold to raise or lower the volume, otherwise it will go to the next or previous track with just a press. Holding a volume button is unintuitive, and makes it easier for the thing to BEEP at you. It's annoying. So I just control the volume from my device instead when possible.- It does not turn off automatically if connected to a device. If it disconnects from a device though, it will auto shut off. So it will drain battery through the night. I have to charge it every few days as a result.- It uses a micro-USB charger... I've switched everything to USB-C now, so it's a bit annoying that I have to keep an old wire/charger around for this device.- The volume control irritates the skin on my forehead and can give me a rash, especially if I sweat overnight. So I leave it a bit higher on my hair instead, and it can screw up my hair or fall off as a result, but I'm already asleep at that point- The "eye mask" functionality does not cover my eyes fully, and as above, will irritate my skin. I have a separate eye mask I can use if I needed it though, so this is ok. And honestly, this is the case with most eye masks I've had.That being said:- Fortunately it does not make any noise if it dies, so thankfully, unlike other products, you won't be woken up in the middle of the night by this headband.- Despite the lack of auto shut off, the battery actually lasts a few days, so you don't have to charge it daily. It will last more if it's not playing audio most of the night. So, for instance, I put on a 2 hour podcast and in the middle I'll fall asleep. It only plays audio for 2 hours. So while it's still on the rest of the night, it's not draining much battery when it's not playing anything. I recommend using it in this fashion to workaround the lack of auto shut off.So overall, I consider this to have mostly minor inconveniences that I'd hope the company would fix, but this has still been well worth the $20 I paid for it. I've been considering buying a second one so I can wash or charge one while using the other, so I'm never without one at night.