Here because two nights ago the left speaker stopped working and I'm anxious and lost without my nighttime defense so I have to replace my headband.I bought a second pair in summer to keep at our cabin because wearing this headband and playing a "white noise for snoring" video on YouTube with my trusty foam ear plugs has worked so well. Have been meaning to buy a spare for home because, annoyingly, it does need a charge every day. Nothing is worse than being ready to crash in bed and fall asleep and realize you forgot to plug the headband in to charge earlier so you know if there's any battery left it'll shut off at some inconvenient moment in the middle of a blissful sleep. Sometimes I wake up and it's just off. Not sure why. But alas in the morning I take this off, pull out my ear plugs and when i unplug my phone from the charger cord on my nightstand I swap out and plug the headband in. The one I bought later for the cabin disappointingly has the c style charger so i hate having to order this in case it takes a different charger now.Some nights his snoring is just awful and I get frustrated still hearing it even over everything but man, what a difference it makes. I have to say half my success is the headband and white noise with the help of the ear plugs cancelling out additional noise so I highly recommend both!I bought this initially after much browsing and skepticism while looking for additional protection from my boyfriend's sometimes intolerable and incessant snoring. I have to wear ear plugs I'm able to fall and stay asleep. However they haven't always done the trick despite the pretty good noise cancellation on my earplugs even with them in they aren't quite enough to block out his snoring on some nights. Poking prodding and otherwise waking him up causing a middle of the night blow out and doing so wasn't going to work and I certainly don't believe in sleeping in separate rooms so talking him in to see if there are any medical options for his snoring problem not an option, I figured I would try these too so that I can use white noise. I have found in the past like if I'm doing homework or something I have a few favorite white noise videos on YouTube that are incredibly effective at drowning out any background noise when I'm trying to focus but wearing headphones to bed wasn't an option because then I wasn't wearing earplugs and they're not really that comfortable. So here I am I find I usually get two nights out of these before they need to be charged or die in the night. It fits comfortably over my earplugged ears. I find it's kind of a little bit too loose and usually hours after I fall asleep it's somewhere in the bed or stuck on my hair that plus with a looseness it's kind of hard to keep the earpieces snuggly over my ears where they're most effective (they're around inside the fabric and there is a little bit of flexibility and where you can position them under the fabric but it's hard to keep them in that one spot).At some point someday when I finally to get up to all my backed up little projects I planned to take my sewing machine to my headband and hit it with a couple of rolls of stitching just to tighten it up more. The fabric does have some elasticity so I don't think it'll be a problem to get it on it'll just help it stay in position better. It may be a difficult project of course because of the wires inside but I'll do my best..I don't want to risk stitching them into the wrong spot but I'm also going to see if perhaps I can tack them into place exactly where I want them so they stay put. Other than like a bungee cord or something to tie around my head to squeeze them up snugly against my ears that's probably the best I can do.The noise cancellation difference is huge between just having them sit over your ears and if you were to take your hands and press them against your ears.That being said I don't use these for any other purpose so the sound quality doesn't matter cuz all I listen to is white noise. I wish the volume was a little higher but I didn't expect more than this. They're not perfect and even with my earplugs not all sound is canceled out but even with the maximum volume up and I turn these on over my ear plugs it sounds very low like it won't do anything but for some reason I don't know how we've had some pretty bad snoring nights and I've pretty much not had a problem blocking out the snoring and finally being able to fall asleep and stay asleep until of course the battery dies or they fall off my head or something in the night and he starts snoring loudly.So yeah I wish they lasted a little bit longer cuz nothing's worse than being sleepy and getting ready to fall asleep and realizing you forgot to charge them.I would definitely buy them again if I had to cuz I'm not honestly sure I would find anything louder than this.