*UPDATE 2023*The original review was given 1-star because it did not fast charge a Samsung phone but the same brand cable bought from 2021 did fast charge. However, I found out later that the phone's USB-C charger port was collecting dust/dirt/debris and needed to be cleaned (see below for how-to instructions), and after cleaning, any USB-C cable plugged into the phone charger port would be more sturdy and no longer wobbly/loose (originally thought it was the port going bad or physically damaged).So I retested the cleaned phone with the newer 2022 cable and sure enough it Fast Charges! Hence, review is updated from 1-star to 4-star, it loses 1 star because the older 2021 cable managed to fast charge a "dirty" port.HOW-TO-CLEAN-USB-C-PORT:You can do a Google or Youtube search "how to clean phone usb-c port", or here are brief instructions.1. Turn OFF your phone.2. Get a paper clip and bend it so that you have at least 0.5-1 inch of straight metal, or get any small metal pin but not too thick that will bend or touch the center piece sticking out of the USB-C port.3. Scrape along the gap of your USB-C port, avoiding the center piece of the port. Dirt/dust/debris collects inside the hole so that's why when you plug in any USB-C cable it will feel wobbly/loose instead of tight if the port was clean.4. Blow on the port now and then while cleaning to remove any loose dirt/dust/debris.5. Plug a USB-C cable in to test that it's now snug/tight instead of wobbly/loose, and you are done!*ORIGINAL REVIEW*Bought this same cable in 2021 (march) and it was fast charging, bought it again in 2022 (nov) and it is NO LONGER fast charging. The pictures will show the difference between the 2021 and 2022 versions, the 2022 slow charging cable's head is slightly darker blue/gray in color, and the inside of the USB plug is purple instead of black.Tested both cables using the same phone with the same power plug, all 6 of the new 2022 cables were SLOW charging. Very disappointed, because I recently bought a different brand which was suppose to be fast charging but was in fact slow charging, so I thought I would go back to these cables since they were fast previously... but clearly not any more.