Just received, and so far - liking them. Me, I do allot of audio engineering and otherwise listening on all things - I can hear the "difference" - but don't always "have to"; so, from whom this is from.Most other are the pretty nice high end, Studio Monitor and Wired types of old school brands that one only sees in studios.So, I had tried a few and sent back and had actually a fairly "inexpensive" that just "broke" - it's body came apart for no reason and could not turn it off - cracked it open and was willing to Duct Tape use it LOL!! It was suggested to me to just buy a descent wireless pair.So, from the research I did - I gave these a try. The review looked like what I might say - legit, so to speak.I find the 1) size thing is true; 2) the sound quality Hz Response; 3) noise cancellation expectation accurate.I was surprise to read that BT tech had overcome the full "hi fi" elements with compression and can, will provide the "as wired" specification. Actually - I was not "surprised" as work in high end Telco tech - just glad to see someone finally engaged "packets" for this purpose. BT was, is a "voice" for telco use, so audiophiles would likely not engage, much like the mp3 variant, etc.I like the "transparency" feature - used via R touch or the button - 3 clicks or so - the touch works well - to bring outside audio into the ear cup, e.g., someone speaking to you - nicely done.The only other one I was considering described itself with the "as wired" quality and was, at this time, more than 2x more cost - which I would have done no problem. I wanted to A/B them - yet I trust my ears and have a version of them with other wired spec "features", yet same "audio" - what I'd hear. As one review said, they all started somewhere, so why not try them now LOL! Something I might say too.So, I hope that helps anyone.And I'll add that, with "ear fatigue" and what that does - while I may want an uncolored studio monitor for a fresh audio review, that these one worn - I fully folded into my headspace on the 8 - 11 min concert tracks I used to preview these HPs on. The comfort was there. I could expand the Cups to where they'd be falling down on my head (no, not a big head - just don't like the "touched" feeling many phone do, center of the head, since very annoying to me) ... anyway, and could adjust to what I like to "feel".You're not going to be whipping you head around with these like what a Drummer would wear to monitor and need to not slip or like what one wears within "Construction Work" to protect their hearing. So, for me, somewhere in the middle of the "tension" spectrum. If they had the gel pad as two to the side and leave the Center of the support raised even - I'd give a 4.5 stars LOL!!I read "metal" in construction I thought in one review, - I don't see any; however, as far a "plastic" goes - these appear, aside from being "light weight" not "light duty", so to speak - again, a reasonable compromise.Again - I hope that helps someone in this very challenging item to buy - what works for one, won't for another like buying underwear LOL!!