Almost perfect.These headphones get nearly a perfect score. Let's focus on the bad, then move into the good.The bad-Limited Bluetooth Volume Control - The volume control that is designed to keep you from hurting your hearing also works against itself on certain occasions. Sometimes you must play an audio track that is by default lower then it should be, maybe the YouTuber uploaded a lower quality of the song and it comes in at half volume. Well your out of luck now, the headphones think your at full volume and restricts you to playing the maximum audio at only 50% or less volume. This is extremely annoying and if it was not for the ability to install an audio overboost app I would have returned these headphones for this very reasonBass quality - if you are a bass lover at max volume, then these headphones are probably not for you. The bass sounds excellent from low to med volume, but pump it up to the max on a bass heavy song be it rap or techno, and it probably can't handle most of what you throw at it. The bass fades into the background or sounds too blown out trying to do what it cannot. (*Tip for bass heads looking for a pair of good bass headphones. - skull candy makes a competitive version that is directly designed for bass) So if you only play bass heavy music at full volume, you should probably pass on the Q30.Price- At nearly $100 retail, that is just too steep for these headphones because they are "nearly perfect" not "perfect". I got them on sale for $60. That seems to be a more suitable target price for the Q30.If they are able to fix the problems that are highlighted in this review, this would turn these into the perfect universal headphones.The Good -Excellent Sound Quality - Sound comes in crystal clear.Excellent Bluetooth Range - I can walk around my entire home without fear of disconnecting from my audio source. Older style headphones cannot even handle a couple of feet, let alone an entire home.Excellent Battery Life- Battery life is excellent. I have yet to fully drain this headset even after using them for a full 40 hour work week.Excellent Phone Calls- Phone call quality is awesome. Comes in crystal clear both thru the headset and microphone.Excellent noise cancelling- Excellent ability to noise cancel or not to noise cancel. At the click of a button you can go from hearing conversations or noises in the room, to pure silence.Excellent EQ App - Adjusting the equalizer with the app makes *a huge difference*. Gives you the ability to adjust how the song plays dramatically. I am impressed at how much of a difference it can enhance the song from great to amazing. I just wish the app had the ability to auto adjust, so that I do not have to keep going back into the app and adjusting for different songs. They do have a universal mode but it is way too conservative. You can also make your own settings which can help enhance the songs sometimes even more then the pre settings.Excellent Carrying Case - nice quality carrying case includedOverall these headphones are nearly perfect. Redeveloping loudness control and bass would send these headphones into the realm of total perfection. Thanks for reading and I hope this review helps!