I'm not an audiophile, so I'm not picky about this stuff, but they sound good enough to me and the pre-set equalizer modes in the app are helpful. Setup was super fast and easy. NFC worked perfectly. No issues there at all.I was primarily interested in these for the noise canceling, which is OK. I'm not overly impressed, but it definitely does noticeably dampen sound. If there is no audio playing, I can still hear some background noise and other people speaking (regardless of what noise canceling mode I use). If I play some soft white noise, that is sufficient to block out almost everything in combination with the noise canceling setting. I'm satisfied with this feature for the price point.I like that you can touch the right ear to change to transparent mode (and that feature does work very well). I've heard some say the delay to switch to transparent mode is annoying, but I think it's fine. The delay is just long enough to avoid accidentally going into transparent mode every time you adjust your headphones, but not so long that it's a chore. The buttons on the headphones... exist. It's kinda hard to tell which is which when you're actually wearing them, but at least the option is availabile. You can also control them through the app.These headphones are pretty good looking, in my opinion. They do look exactly like the photos. They feel quite sturdy. The ear cups have a really nice range of motion. The case is good and the headphones easily fold down flat.They are really comfy for me (I have an about average head size for an adult woman). I am definitely the type of person who gets headaches easily from any pressure on my head. I fell asleep with them on last night and, not only were they still on when I woke up, but I'm still wearing them even now with no discomfort whatsoever. Very pleased with that aspect. They don't clamp on super tight, so if I, like, bent over and shook my head around, they'd fall off. I don't plan to wildly flail around while wearing them, so that's great for me. If you were going to be running or something with your headphones, these probably would not be your best choice.Now for the one glaring problem with these headphones... Every time you switch modes, they mute your audio to announce which mode you've switched to. It's not violently loud or anything, thankfully. But it is extremely irritating and wildly unnecessary. Just, why? No one is asking for this "feature"! I would literally pay extra money to have it removed. It is that annoying to me. I am 5 stars satisfied with these in every other regard, but this is bothersome enough to me to knock a whole star off of the rating. It's not a deal breaker, but it is a truly baffling choice to include this feature and not provide any way to shut it off.