Construction: The plastics feel strong and solid. The headband looks like it has a piece of metal running across it, (albeit a thin one), but that's great. The ear foam pads and the padding underneath the headband are made of that really thin, faux leather, it's sure to peel in short order. How they will withstand the daily banging against furniture and awkward bends...only time will tell, but I give it good odds.Features: An amazing array of useful features. The Noise Cancelling is very effective and can be customized to block out only specific frequencies and the Transparency mode is a pretty cool trick. You can blast your music, but the mic will pick up on ambient sounds like human voices and feed it into your headphones, great for staying aware of your surroundings. It's nice having the ability to tweak EQ, but you have to do it through your smartphone, still, being able to tweak your EQ on an individual song basis is great and my favorite feature. Also love the Aux out, on average you'll be able to access more information with lower latency through a good ole fashion hard cable over a wireless technology like Bluetooth. Overall the controls are intuitive to figure out and get use to. The features are it's strongest selling point.Sound: Here's my gripe with the sound, it has a baked in boomy-ness that you just can't EQ out. It's baked into the base EQ response. It's that sub-frequency concussive boomy-ness, you'd associate with a sub-woofer. If you want to watch movies through your smartphone and get a little bit of that theater boom in your sound on the go, these headphones will work great. But as an audiophile, I prefer a flat EQ base sound, that is balanced. If you like that modern boom for electronic genre's, Rap, or again, SFX and theater sound, these headphones are a great choice. For music genre's like Classical, Jazz or even Rock, that boom can get really distracting and drown out things going on in the lower mid-range for example, and just make your favorite recordings not sound "Right".