Last two photos are of the damage from me dropping them (after call quality section for height)I will list the features in this review from my favorite/imo best qualities at the price. Also below are the codes (limited time) for 20% off these amazing buds.20% Limited Discount From 08/25/22-09/07/22US: FORSPACEUSUK: FORSPACEUKDE: FORSPACEDECA: FORSPACECAAPP- The app for any soundcore product out there is simply a delight to use. Intuitive UI, superb features, and excellent help. Features may vary by earbud but these have 2 modes with different strengths of ANC, 2 modes for transparency, wind reduction, custom EQ, Hear ID (for people with frequencies they cant hear as well), 22 preset EQ's, customizable controls for 1 tap, 2 tap, and 2 sec press, Gaming/low latency mode, and even allows you to test the fit of your eartips. Generally one of the best apps out there in my opinion.APP overall- 10/10APP for price- 10.5/10ANC(For reference, I have excellent hearing, as of last hearing test about 3 months ago, and am noise sensitive to even decently loud things)- The ANC on these earbuds is phenomenal, some cheaper earbuds may have white noise like a humming or slight ring etc when used with no music or sound, but these are nearly dead silent when used without sound and in only ANC mode. The quality and diversity of the ANC is excellent and, although not as good as the liberty 3 pros or some more expensive earbuds (missing the mark by a hair in some/most cases), these are a real treat for anyone who loves ANC. Just perfect ANC for the price and the adaptive feature (soundcore app), although not personally my favorite to use (I prefer to leave it on strong), still works phenomenally. It blocks out a large amount of noise and dulls most others so that they are easy to tune out or at least not overly annoying if they are quite loud. Did notice that on sharp, sudden, and loud sounds they do make a pop sound on occassion. However this has only happened when I weedwack larger malberry branches or accidentally hit a pole or something metallic or solid. Altogether I would say it is easily one of the best and comparable ANC performances on earbuds I have heard yet, particularly for the price.Overall ANC- 9.2/10For price ANC- 10/10Sound Quality/VolumeCAUTION- this is without LDAC enabled cause I have and IPhone and sound will be even better (Hypothetically) with and LDAC (available for any phone sporting an Android Oreo 8.0 operating system and above)- The sound quality is excellent on these earbuds, considering the size especially, (beating my Airpods Gen 2 by a mile). The soundstage (depth of distance of sound and its components) is wonderful one of my favorite parts of the sound experience. Treble and highs sound great and not overbearing unless you like a great deal of bass, they reach and sparkle amazingly well for such a compact design and in general. the mids are stunning, the control and out of the box mids were great, an area that a lot of my other earbuds skip a tad for more bass or smoother treble, however these are one of the best sounding mids on a (semi)budget earbud I can find. The subass and bass are definately lacking for any basshead or decent bass enjoyer out of the box, however it can be boosted (either using hear ID or the EQ options) to satisfy and usual enjoyer with the bass, may still be a tad low for bassheads. An all around sounding earbud that has amazing sound performance and is one of the best BALANCED earbuds I've used. The volume is way to loud for me at max or even close, I listen at about 40-45 percent volume for a louder listening experience, although subjective I have read/found that these go to about 113.6 decibles AKA way to loud for me, but should be fine unless you have hearing damage or really like to rock out.Basshead Sound Quality/Volume- 8.75/10Overall Sound Quality/Volume- 9.0/10For price Sound Quality/Volume- 9.84/10Transparency- The transparency modes on this are admittedly not so natural sounding as some more expensive brands, but they do allow you to hear extremely well. The modes are fully transparent and Vocal mode, I have seen some people say that the Vocal mode isn't to their taste and that they keep it on fully transparent, however I always keep it on vocal mode, it accents voices and dims background noise very well in my opinion. Each mode sounds slightly tinny, but only at times and with either a large amount of different sounds or very loud sounds. All in all the transparency is in an excellent position for the price, beating nearly all competition in the price range.Overall Transparency- 9.0/10For price Transparency- 9.75/10Fit/ComfortCAUTION - This section is a seperate scheme to the listing from best to worse since I have a biological/genetic bias of smaller ears than averageThese fit MY ears very well and the range of eartips provided is phenomenal, 5 sets ranging from xs to xl, I use the default Mediums and they fit my ears like a glove (Don't forget the earfit test). These passed the most rigorous headbanging/shaking/jostling...etc that I could put them through without giving myself wiplash and they stayed in like a champ, hardly even budging. I can leave these in with transparency on and they feel very naturally shaped to MY ear, and seem to have a curvature inspired by the curves of your ear. I cant really say anythin else except that they are small, comforteable, and by proxy not very noticeable. Remember that they are small and sizes/comfort are subjective, would still recommend to most people, especially with small ears. Just maybe not if you have very large ears.Overall Fit/Comfort- 9.4/10 -SubjectiveFor price Fit/Comfort- 9.8/10 -SubjectiveCall Quality- Unfortunately this is where it drops the cake a bit, although the noise cancelling on the calls is superb (compareable to Liberty 3's) the sound on your voice is less natural and not as good as a select variety of earbuds for similar/slightly higher prices. It still is good and even greatish for calls but is not amazing or gonna wow anyone. And realize that the earbuds are newer on the market so they will most likely get software updates over this or other features later down the road.Overall Call Quality- 7.75/10For price Call Quality- 7.95-8.1/10Durability note- I dropped these from about 5 feet 6 inches (1.67 meters) off the ground and the earbuds didnt fall out and the case took one to two small scratches and maintained the coloration perfectly fine. Very durable case with good magnets.Features (in case you read comments over stats first)IPX4- sweat, light rain, and splash proofBluetooth 5.2 LDAC and AACQi wireless charging, USB-C, and quick charge (10 mins = 4 hours) only with USB-CMulti-Device connection (no LDAC)- Can connect with two devices simultaneously and using one or both earbudsApp can make them play a decently loud sound for locating them individually or both at same timeWhopping 10 (8 ANC) hours on buds each and 50 (40 ANC) in case, havent had to recharge them since buying them about a week agoTouch controls handle well at least from my experience and don't false tap at all for me so farDefinite buy unless you have a substancially higher budget or get a really good deal :)