I've been using the same TOZO earbuds for 2 years and decided to buy these earbuds for these reasons: 1) longer battery life, 2) more options for sound modes, and 3) better connection with my iPhone. To give a little background, I primarily wear earbuds while working, commuting on the bus, and for personal use at home. But unfortunately, I decided to return the Soundcore earbuds for a few reasons. Continue reading below for my reasons why.Likes:1) I really like the sound quality options as well as the ability to adjust the sound quality, using the Soundcore app which I think is a definite must if you want more control over the sound quality. I've really enjoyed switching between the ANC & transparency modes as they are surprising modes I never realized I wanted. With TOZO, I could only wear 1 earbud when using them at work so I can still hear my surroundings. But with the Soundcore earbuds on transparency mode, I can wear both earbuds and still hear the ongoings around the office near my desk.2) The battery life is also a godsend in both the earbuds and the charging case. I don't think I fully realized when purchasing, how fast the earbuds would charge when in the case. At one point, I used the earbuds for 8 hours between ANC & transparency mode, charged the earbuds in the charging case for 15 minutes when I was on my break, and when I went to use them again afterward the earbuds were already 80-100% charged as according to my iPhone. Considering how often I use the earbuds after 8-10 hrs per day and 4-5 days of use from a full charge, the battery life is still 2 lights remaining which according to the Soundcore manual should be about 70-50% battery life remaining (I think that's the right range).3) After using the TOZO earbuds, I've grown to appreciate wireless charging which the Soundcore earbuds do so that's a plus. Much easier for me as I'm still unused to using a USB-C cable which the Soundcore earbuds do come with, but I just have not liked charging my earbuds with a cord as much.Dislikes:1) As much as I love the sound modes, I desperately need as much noise canceling as possible when using earbuds at home/commuting. So when I'm at home/commuting, I more often use the ANC mode on these earbuds. The audio setting does perform noise canceling well but these fall below the bar when I compare these earbuds to my TOZO earbuds which block out more noise than the Soundcore earbuds. I can cancel out more noise on the Soundcore earbuds by raising the volume under ANC mode. But as much as I would like to continue that method on the Soundcore earbuds, I value retaining my hearing as much as I can.2) Connection-wise for the Soundcore earbuds with my iPhone was good to a point. Connecting to my iPhone was no issue, it was some situations in retaining that connection when going about my day is the issue. I've found the audio connection for the Soundcore earbuds cuts off when I'm on the bus/car (don't worry I'm not the one who's driving). When the vehicle (bus/car) drives over a very bumpy road/highway, the audio cuts off in response until the vehicle is back onto a smoother road/highway. I've also noticed this connection issue when I'm walking around my apartment complex, specifically when I walk under and through a small hallway to enter between complex buildings (my apartment complex is primarily outdoors when navigating between complex buildings to access apartment units). I had this issue recently with my TOZO earbuds so I'm sad I'm already having this issue with the Soundcore earbuds right out of the box. Mind you, the Soundcore earbuds I received may be a previously returned set that was already opened.3) Receiving the Soundcore earbuds already opened dampened my experience with these earbuds early on. But I knew this was a familiar tactic that Amazon often does if the condition of the item is still almost good as new. So I tried to keep my fingers crossed that using the earbuds changed my mind since the earbuds still looked unused and had no residue of dirt on the earbuds themselves. I still cleaned the earbuds myself just in case, especially nowadays with the pandemic.Overall:The fact that qualities I liked with the TOZO earbuds were missing out for me when using the Soundcore earbuds (sound quality) and I started having the same issues with the Soundcore earbuds as I currently have with my TOZO earbuds (connection issue), this was big negative for me since I still wanted to retain that quality as this was a $99 purchase.But I still rated these earbuds 4 stars because I really liked the battery life which exceeded my expectations and I really liked the type of sound quality modes in tandem with the Soundcore app as it really helped me customize my experience day to day depending on what activity I'm doing (commuting or at work).