I purchased this item for the specific purpose of protecting my ears by using noise cancelation in combination with noise-blocking ear muffs. I'm subjected to 90+ dB of machine-generated noise for several hours each work day. I was using NRR 25 ear muffs singularly but while I believe they've sufficiently kept my hearing from being damaged, I've been feeling noise fatigue even from the bleed through. As a resolution, I thought I'd try in-ear noise-canceling audio equipment WITH over ear protection.One of the main reasons I went with these new Space A40 ear buds was that they looked like they would fit comfortably underneath over-ear cups. They do, and this setup now reduces the noise that reaches my inner ears to the level of what I'd describe as whispers.For comparison, I first tried Soundcore's Liberty Pro 2. I returned them because they stuck out too much for my personal preference even if I didn't aspire to fit them under protective ear muffs. Also, I wanted the NC feature, which they lacked. Another Soundcore model similarly priced offered NC but was similarly bulky looking, so I passed and decided to spend the greater amount of money on the A40 upgrade.For my intended purpose, the A40's work great and are worth the higher cost. They pair with my phone quickly and reliably as soon as I take them out of their charging case, the charging case itself is nicely functional and pleasingly small. Most importantly to me, they are comfortable and fit well. And so far, Soundcore's claim about the long battery run time is accurate.I will say that I do really like good music quality in headphones, and if I had mostly intended to listen to music instead of podcasts, I would be relatively dissatisfied with the listening experience. For reference, Sony and Shure are the most pleasing sound profiles to me. I know a lot of people find these two brands' engineered EQs bland, but I really enjoy being able to discern treble, mid and bass ranges with equal clarity. In comparison, music emerges through the A40's a bit thin and tinny to me. I believe this could be remedied by adjusting the EQ through the Soundcore app, it just still seemed to me they lack a bit of oomph. To clarify, I think these ear buds are adequate for music, just not great, which shouldn't be surprising, considering that these are $99 versus closer to $300 for those that boast superior sound quality.I think for the price of $99, the Space A40 includes so many usable and useful features that it is rather economical and this makes it a good buy. It has customizable EQ through the free app that doesn't require you to create yet another user account as a cheap way to get your email data. It has programmable touch controls, adjustable noise canceling that is actually quite effective, one-ear listening ability, and class-leading battery power despite being some of the smallest ear buds in the saturated ear bud market. They're definitely worth checking out if you want to experience the convenience of truly wireless listening with a lot of features saved for more expensive products.I'm not trying to sell anyone on these. I simply want to provide details to anyone who is looking for information about this product beyond what the manufacturer has stated. I wanted to share that I was a bit skeptical about how I'd like them and how they'd work for me, but they work well, and I like them. I purchased them, I've used them. I like that I could customize the tap/double-tap/two-second-hold touch controls, I like the ear buds themselves being small enough to sit almost flush in my ear lobes, and I like that they can run for enough consecutive hours to last a full work day.