It's a fantastic radar detector and really lives up to its reputation as one of the top 10 radar detectors on the market today. The number of options it allows me to choose from to tailor itself to my environment is absolutely wonderful compared to other radar detectors I have used and observed.Pros:1. RIDICULOUS RANGE: The website and reviews weren't kidding when they said that the range was ridiculously long. I've been able to detect digital speed limit signs, speed traps, and law enforcement radar signals from roughly one mile to two miles away whereas the Cobra radar detectors and some Escort radar detectors could only pick it up from a couple of hundred meters.2. DIRECTIONAL DETECTION: Not only does it give the proximity of the signal it's picking up, but it also gives the direction from where it is coming from.3. RADAR TYPES: It can pick up X,K, Ka, KPOP, MRCD/T, Red Light Cameras, etc. Surprisingly, it can pick up a lot of different types of radar as compared to other radar detectors that can only pick up X, K, and Ka.4. WILDLY SUPERIOR FILTERING: As you go through the settings, it gives you many filtering options that you can tailor for the environment you drive around in. Something I had a lot of trouble with while using and observing many radar detectors is how poorly the filtering systems performed. For example, in Utah, the traffic light sensors operate on Ka on the 33GHz frequencies which cheaper radar detectors easily picked up. On top of this, the memory lockout systems weren't the greatest in the cheaper radar detectors and often had to be recognized through a connected app. The GPS system and Auto Mute Memory feature plus the numerous filtering options in the settings allow for a much quieter and far more accurate ride from point a to point b.INVISIBLE: Great thing about the r7 is that it cannot be picked up by most radar detector detectors(RDD) like VG-2 and Spectre. It can be picked up by Spectre Elite HOWEVER it cant really do so very well. The Spectre Elite would be able to pick it up but with lots of inaccurate distortions in its readings. It would have to be very close to the r7 to even accurately pick it up. Besides that, its pretty much invisible to RDDs.While there are a whole lot more Pros, I won't go into much more into detail about it.Cons:DOES NOT PICK UP RDD: Unfortunately, something the R7 does not pick up that the cheaper radar detectors pick up like the Cobra RAD480i are the Radar Detector Detectors or RDD for short. While it wouldn't matter much for the r7 since its invisible there are a few underlying reasons as to why I would want the r7 to be able to pick up RDDs. In some areas of the United State, police officers will switch off their radar and only run their RDDs. Not being able to pick up their radar when its turned off and not being able to pick up their RDDs is similar to blindly walking into pitch-black darkness without any clue as to what may be lurking within. Being able to pick up VG-2 and Spectre would be like an added protection to yourself when driving.DIRECTIONAL DETECTION: While it detection capabilities are phenomenal and the that it can give me the direction from which the signals are coming from, it does get confused sometimes by where the radar signals are coming from. Mind you, this isn't a big issue, it happens from time to time, not really a big deal.