i needed new headphones with preferably a Bluetooth + wired mode because they'd be multi-use for editing/animation & everyday tasks (listening to music, watching videos, gaming, etc), and i can say they're pretty good for the price. i'm impressed with the overall features & i'm definitely keeping these as my main headphones, BUT there are a few downsides that pushed me to write this review— i'll try to list the pros & cons as honestly as i can to hopefully help some people outwhile i was researching headphones, here were my must-haves:✓ Bluetooth + wired mode✓ comfort + great adjustability✓ decent audio quality✓ long battery lifepros:1) battery life + wired modeagain i'm an editor & animator, so i really appreciate that i'm able to just switch them into wired mode if i need & then take the cord right out when i wanna walk around my house & listen to music/podcasts.i was looking for something specifically Bluetooth with a low-latency mode + wired option with decent battery life, and so far i'm loving the long battery life— the reason i even started looking into new headphones was because my old ones would die so fast, but i can seriously use these for an entire day and the battery life doesn't dip below 50%2) comfort + adjustabilityi'll elaborate on why this is a con as well, but overall these are extremely comfortable WITHOUT glasses. the earpads swivel pretty far so it's easy to adjust if they start to get uncomfortable. the ear pads are super soft too!3) pricei researched at least like a dozen other headphones before eventually settling on these, and i can say i'm definitely pleased that i found something with all these features for the price. they don't feel cheap at all and it was worth the extra buck i'd sayi also like the amount of stuff it comes with. :) 3.5mm audio cable for wired mode, charging cable, case, and two different types of adaptors (3.5 mm to 6.35mm + aircraft). the 3.5mm to 6.35mm adaptor is really useful for plugging into my piano keyboard, giving these headphones just one more use which i really likemeh:1) comfort + adjustabilityone of the main things that compelled me to write this review was the discomfort i felt while wearing these with glasses.⚠️ before i continue i'd like to say i'm not feeling it as much anymore, I've had these for a couple of weeks & they've loosened up a little around my head!!!!!!!! but at first, it was so bad i almost considered returning them.my old headphones were nearly unbearable to wear with glasses, so i was also looking for something comfortable enough to wear all day— i need to wear my glasses all the time so taking them off isn't really an option either. if you've got thinner frames then i can't see this being a problem for you, but my glasses frames are pretty thick & can therefore create more pressure/discomfort when pressed against the head.like i listed above, the headphones are super adjustable & can be adjusted to be more comfortable— but on the other hand, every time i took the headphones off & put them back on, i'd have to find the perfect position to not feel immense discomfort while wearing my glasses. it wasn't a dealbreaker for me so i guess this is just a warning for ppl with thicker glasses frames!2) range/latencythis one is kind of a nitpickI've only used these on my PC so far, so sometimes i'll get up from my seat to go get a snack or something. the audio will start cutting out behind walls/if you go downstairs or upstairs, etc. this isn't a dealbreaker since i understand Bluetooth will struggle at a range, but i definitely noticed it was worse than my old headphones. i had my old ones for several years & they were some cheap knockoff brand, so i guess i was just surprised that $60 headphones would start cutting off when there's only a door between the device & the headphones.I've also noticed the latency is not that great, even in low-latency mode, but i don't have a massive problem with this since i can just use the wired mode when i need it3) noise cancelingalso kind of a nitpick, but i've noticed the noise-canceling is ... decent, but not amazingi 100% can't notice outside noises when music is playing at a higher volume, but listening to podcasts & youtube videos makes it seem less impressivewhen i DO use NC mode, it generally does its job enough to keep my sensory issues at bay— i guess i just wish it could have been a little better for this price.i call this a nitpick because i wasn't looking specifically for headphones for the noise-canceling feature. it was really just a bonus but i don't find myself using it that often bcuz of how little difference i notice from non-NC mode.OVERALL:i know that the con list is long-winded, but i'd like to restate that i am overall pretty impressed with these & i intend to keep them as my main headphones. i'm kind of anxious when buying new things so i researched at least a dozen different pairs and ended up landing on these. i don't regret buying them and i'd recommend them if you're looking for something in this price range with these specific features!