PROS: I've enjoyed using JLab's products for years and like their sound quality and cost effectiveness. Their wired earbuds have lasted me several years now and I always go to them for a replacement. I had finally decided to try getting wireless earbuds to keep in my purse and the sound quality didn't disappoint. It was very convenient having touch control functions and no messy tangled wires. With just a tap I could change the song, answer calls, change the sound mode, etc. The earbuds themselves fit comfortably in my ears and didn't feel as if they would fall out, and effectively cancelled outside sounds without hurting my ears. The case itself was small, light, compact, and easy to carry around in even the tiny pockets of women's jeans. The charging cable is also conveniently built, folds in flat to the bottom seamlessly, and stays in place. The product has a long charge, I could easily watch 3 hours of videos while traveling and the battery would still be at medium charge. The colored indicator lights are useful for knowing the current battery status. The earbuds were also very easy to pair and connect to my devices, and the provided instructions were straight-forward and simple to follow.CONS: Unfortunately the case lid isn't very strongly magnetized and opens far too easily. Any small drop from even jean pocket height onto carpet would make the case pop open, and the earbuds would fall out as well (In its favor, the case didn't suffer any damage from the few drops that did happen and remained unscuffed and smooth). Eventually one day, the worst happened. After about a month and a half of having them, they fell from my pocket, the case snapped open, and the right earbud disappeared into a storm grate. I'm still super sad that I only got to enjoy the product for such a short time, when the company and product is otherwise fantastic and trusted. I would highly recommend buying a more protective case to keep the lid shut, though that would make the product more bulky. So upsetting to lose one, and as far as I researched, loss of one earbud isn't covered under the warranty. I'm stuck using just the left earbud at a higher volume, and the sound mixing quality is nothing like before. :/