I have purchased quite a few different earbuds and headphones in search of that diamond in the rough. I have the same criteria as most people who buy these earbuds:-Needs to sound decent with some decent bass-Caller can hear me well and I can hear them well-Fit in the ear well-Not destroy my wallet (i.e., needs to be somewhere south of $35)-Have a reasonable battery lifePros:-Good battery life-Good sound-Decent call quality-Decent bluetooth-CostCons:-Controls are hit or miss-JLabs app is worthless-Short USB connectionI compared these to my Skullcandy Sesh Evo's and Poly BT5500's. They come well packaged, with the normal ear cushions to fit different ear sizes. I found that I was able to find a set that fit my ears well and still provided decent sound isolation. They paired right up to all devices I tested them with (phones and laptops).They work pretty well - battery life is good. Phone call quality is reasonable and callers indicate they can hear me just fine (both phone and laptop connections). Sound quality from them is good - the different sound profiles can be a bit gimmicky - I found the Signature or Bass Boost profiles to be the ones I used the most. I like Signature for more instrumental/standard music but prefer the Bass Boost for Hip Hop. They do not have as much bass as the Skullcandy Sesh, but comparable to the Poly. The BT5500's sound better overall for a wider range of music, but I prefer the Sesh probably the most (they also get much louder than the other two).Bluetooth connectivity was quite good - much better than the Skullcandy that has dropped frequently with my Samsung phone (even when in my pocket). I have only had one incident with the earbuds not syncing correctly. Charging is also a bit better in the sense that the Sesh earbuds have a tendency to not fully seat and then not charge (which is annoying when you go to use them). They also appear to stay charged better than the BT5500's. The cost for these is a real steal for how well they work.The interface/controls sometimes works and sometimes doesn't. I don't usually use the earbud controls for my music (just grab the phone and do it), but the triple tap to cycle sound profiles only works sometimes. I downloaded the JLab app, but it pretty much doesn't do anything, so I uninstalled it.I don't like the USB charge cord setup. It is ridiculously short and integrated into the case. I get that it makes it theoretically easier to charge it as you don't "need" a cord, but all it does is make it difficult to connect to a charger. A USB C-port or a USB micro port would make it easier to connect. I don't mind having to have a cord if I'm going to have to provide the USB adapter to charge it.All in all though, these are a decent option. Time will tell on durability, but these are a good option for those not wanting to break the bank but still get good sound. Are they the best out there? Likely not, but the cost is outstanding and they check the box for functionality.