"Kurdene S8 Deep Bass Sound Earbuds" is how this product is advertised, but for the pair I received, the Bass cuts out and the music sounds tinny. To bring the Bass back, the earbuds have to be placed back into the charging case for about a minute, then reconnected to the phone. This has happened a few times in the past weeks I've owned them. Aside from this issue, here are some Pros and Cons:Pros:1) Sounds great with deep Bass (when the Bass works).2) Fits very well with my ear with the standard ear caps it came with. When I remove them, it makes this suction pop out of my ears confirming a nice "sealed" fit it had. Both earbuds stay secured at all times while walking or doing some light exercise.3) Battery life is great as well.4) Range is about 40~50 ft indoors. Not sure about outdoors since my phone is in my pocket.5) Microphone seems to work fine while on phone calls, and with laptops while on online meetings.6) Price range $14~$20, depending on when you buy it (with or without discount).Cons:1) The charging case is super slippery, so it slipped out of my hands a few times while trying to open it. It could use a better textured grippy surface and some tab or divot to open the lid.2) The earbuds have very little protrusion to grip when they're in the cradle of the charging case. Earbud flung out of my fingertips while removing them from the cradle; not good when you happen to be outside in the grass or somewhere where it rolls off into a hard-to-reach spot.3) The touch sensors are very sensitive, even with the plastic protective film that it came with still intact on the surface.Neutral:1) Experienced several pauses while listening to music: it's not clear whether that's due to the earbuds or source of the music.2) Waterproof (IPX8) - I've not showered with them on, nor sweated heavily to comment on this capability.3) The blocky size of the earbuds does stick out of the ear more than the wired earbuds, but this is not a big deal for me.Would have given 5 Stars if the Bass works consistently. Now, customer service has recommended that I do a factory reset of the earbuds to resolve the Bass issue. I'll give it a try and see if that resolves the issue.