Coming from a pair of Samsung Galaxy Buds (original) that I got for $10 and lost, it's hard to spend $60 on a replacement. I will say, I think these are an excellent alternative for the price. There are some feature losses and oddly enough one major bug fix.For starters, these have great sound so far. If you're looking for a song to stress test these with and you're not an audiophile (I am not), "I'm So Sorry" by Imagine Dragons is an excellent start. It picks up the bass drops and doesn't tear, but the lyrics are also nice and clear. It's a pair of $20 wireless earbuds, so don't expect something amazing, but compared to Samsung's AKG offering, it's on par if not better. They're still brand new though. The distance seems to be on par with the Samsung Buds too.You will lose the Buds app, so you can't change the sound equalization (unless you use TOZO's very poorly rated app) or disable noise cancellation or locate your earbud. Honestly, disabling noise cancellation kinda defeats the point, so it's not really something that I ever used. I also installed a frequency generator app that can play sufficiently loud tones to locate an earbud, even better than Samsung's locator. The sound is actually pretty good for all scenarios in my opinion. If you really need equalization, there are other ways to do that from the Android side.These actually fixed a major bug with the original Samsung Buds. The Buds or Android updated in a way to make the audio drop when using HD audio, which is enabled by default every time a bud is connected. These earbuds do not have that flaw, which has made me very happy.These have two flaws in my opinion. They do not have proximity sensing to pause when removing from your ear (and can be activated in the pocket). They also require you to wear both buds to use all of the touch features. If you only use one at a time, you're limited when it comes to prev/next as they're bud-dependent. Having no app, you have no way to reconfigure that. I should note that I have not tried their app because I don't want to risk breaking the buds. They're working just fine as is with expected flaws for the price. These are not deal breakers in any way.I will say, they are fairly small and very smooth. If you have small hands, you may have issues with them. I even have some issues, but I wouldn't say that's necessarily a flaw. They are pretty cool to feel because they're really smooth, but it isn't necessarily the best design choice for something so small and intended to be handled. They don't have that annoying rubber ring that the Samsung Buds do.One other point that may irk people that I don't really care about is wireless charging. I don't use the flat wireless chargers, so I always have to find a prop for a case like this to hit the charge point. I don't really care enough to be annoyed that I can't wirelessly charge these. It's a nice feature, but if it increases the price, I don't think it's worth it. They charge fast enough and last long enough that worrying with wireless charging isn't really a huge concern to me.Overall, they seem like an excellent alternative to the original Samsung Buds and probably ever iteration of every big name brand wireless earbud with charging case. Hopefully I won't have to contact customer support, but I hear they're lovely, so that might not be too bad.