TLDR version:Compatibility is an issue. The mic has good audio quality but my particular unit kept recording a very loud 'crackling,' which can be heard during playback. Will be returning.Long version:I had a lot of difficulty getting this mic to work, first off. I have an Essential Phone (Android) and have a USB Type C to headphone jack connector, but my phone would still not record using the mic. I used the correct TRRS cable and made sure that both ends were plugged in all the way, but still no luck. I realize that this is not necessarily the mic's fault, but I do think that the 'compatibility' is an issue and Movo should issue a few more disclaimers. I even tried a third-party camera app where I could choose an external microphone but still had no success.Secondly, the mic did not work with my laptop. I have a Dell PC and had a similar issue as I did trying to record with my phone. Again, this seems to be a compatibility issue and is not the mic's fault. The camera app in Windows 10 does not allow you to change to an external mic, which is quite annoying. Even in the settings the Movo mic did not show up as an option, only the internal mic.***And yes, in both of the cases I listed above, I did unplug the mic from each device before attempting playback.***What really got me was when I plugged this into my wife's Macbook Pro. It finally started recording audio. However, during playback, there were loud crackles and pop's (yes, like the cereal) that completely ruined the audio. The ironic thing is that when there weren't any disturbances, the audio quality was quite good! I have had trouble in the past finding mics that have good separation between vocals and instrumentals. My friend recommended this mic to me so I gave it a shot but was only met with frustration. Despite the moments of good audio quality, the incessant crackling was just too much (I did try recording multiple times in different spots and at different distances, still had crackling).I do think that the mic has a lot of potential, especially since a lot of people have had great success with this mic. I'm going to assume that my particular unit was just damaged or something else. I did make sure that both ends of the TRRS plug were securely seated into the jacks so I can be sure that the crackles were not because I did not plug in the chord correctly.Overall, I was impressed with the quality, frustrated with the lack of compatibility, and unhappy with my particular unit's performance. I will be returning mine. I hope others have a better experience.