Galaxy Buds 2I've been a big fan of the OG Galaxy Buds for the past two years I've owned them, so naturally I was interested in these new ones. However, not only could I not get them to fit snugly in my ears, I also encountered a plethora of small irritations that bothered me to the point of giving up on them. Here are some thoughts:ProsThe audio quality is far superior to the original Galaxy Buds. There is a lot more bass and the audio has more depth to it for sure. I'm not an audiophile, so I can't exactly describe the way these sound in proper terminology too well, but they sound awesome to me.Ambient sound mode is far and away better than the original Buds had. It is far easier to hear what is going on around you, and there are several levels of ambient sound so you can get exactly the amount of outside sound you need for your particular situation. It also doesn't have that faint hiss that the ambient sound mode on the original Galaxy Buds.Cons-Let's start off with one of the major selling points of these earbuds. Active Noise Cancellation (ANC) is marketed as quieting your environment so you can hear whatever you're listening to more clearly without having to turn the volume all the way up. However, I found that the ANC on these earbuds doesn't actually do much. It didn't filter out voices, music, papers rustling, or most other common noises very effectively, and even the constant hum of an air purifier in my room nearby wasn't cut down by that much. Considering the 33% hit to battery life you're taking by using the ANC, I would expect it to work well, and it definitely doesn't. In fact, the original Galaxy Buds have better noise cancellation, simply because they fit in my ears better and thus provide a better seal for noise isolation.-They would not fit in my ears properly, no matter which eartip sizes I tried. This is the most fundamental aspect of a pair of earbuds for obvious reasons; it doesn't matter how many incredible features they have if they don't fit correctly. Keep in mind that these do not have any wingtips like the original Galaxy Buds to keep them secure in your ears, so they have a much greater chance of falling out and getting lost. Every time I yawned, ate, or did any other kind of jaw movement, they would come loose in my ears, and I would have to grab the buds and push/twist them back into place. This introduced even more problems, as I will discuss in the next few points. It's also worth mentioning that the ANC is worthless when the earbuds are loose, as there is no seal, defeating one of the main reasons to buy these over the original Buds or the Buds+.-I'm not a big fan of the design of the Buds 2. They are very small, round and glossy, which means they are extremely difficult to grip compared to the original Galaxy Buds. The lack of wingtips makes this even worse, as I find myself gripping the wingtips when I'm putting in my Galaxy Buds or taking them out, and that feature is gone. Every major YouTuber seem to be fawning over the fact that these buds are smaller and lighter than previous iterations, but I don't see any meaningful increase in comfort from this design, and trying to grip these tiny things is incredibly frustrating. I was always worried I would drop them when trying to take them out of the case and put them in my ears. With the original Galaxy Buds, you had the wingtips, the touchpads on the ends, and matte-feeling plastic surfaces in the middle, so they were easy to grip when you wanted to put them in or remove them. The larger size didn't hurt, either. On the other hand though, these new Buds are a more unibody-like design, so it's not clear where the bud surface ends and the touchpad begins.-The touch areas are poorly defined. It seems like every time I actually want to use them, I can't get them to activate, and when I just want to adjust the buds in my ears, they trigger, pausing or skipping whatever I'm listening to or watching. It's not clear where the actual touch surface is, so accidental presses are constant, and since they didn't fit me well, I was constantly having to touch the earbuds to adjust them, meaning plenty of accidental touches were had. The original Galaxy Buds didn't have this problem at all, as the triangular touchpads were clearly defined and easy to feel out due to their smoother texture compared to the rest of the buds. It may just be me, but I even felt like the original touchpads were far more responsive to my touches compared to the ones on these. The frustration I experienced with these touchpads really made me realize how much I use the touchpads on my original Galaxy Buds, and how functional they were in comparison to these.-The case isn't as good as the original. They decided to have the cases for all colors be white, with the color of the specific buds in the middle. Why? Why do I have to have a white case? This may seem petty, but I would prefer a black case, or at least a darker color, and I don't get that option unless I shell out $20 more for a quality external protective case, which also adds bulk.-Something I did with the original Buds case was utilize it as a phone stand. Because of its wide pill shape, it is surprisingly well-suited to this purpose. However, it is impossible to use the Buds 2 case for this purpose for several reasons. First, the more square shape means that when the phone is in landscape mode, pressing the sides of the phone screen will make the whole thing collapse, which is annoying as ****. Secondly, the glossy finish makes it too slippery to be used for this purpose anyway.-Instead of going with a sleek matte finish like on the original case, Samsung decided to follow Apple and use a glossy finish on this new case, and I find it to be inferior for several reasons. One, fingerprint magnet. Two, it makes the case so slippery to hold that I'm afraid I'll drop the damn thing and lose my $150 earbuds when I'm out and about and trying to get them out. The matte finish on the original case didn't have either of these problems, it was grippable enough and didn't collect finger oil like a smartphone screen.-The square shape of this case means that charging it on a wireless charging stand is impossible. With the original, the pill shape meant it could be stood up on its short end and the Qi wireless charging coils would meet up, meaning it could be charged on wireless charging stands in addition to flat pads. This extra level of flexibility was awesome, and I used it to great effect many times. Not an option with this new case.-Petty complaint, but the snap when you close this new case is far inferior to that of the original case. Closing your earbud case with a satisfying snap after you're done using them is great, and it's not as much so here.-Eartips aren't that great. Not only did I have problems with the fit, but when I took the earbuds out of my ears, the tips would turn inside out half the time, which would require correction. I don't know if they're using inferior materials or what, but regardless, another minor annoyance I have to deal with a significant portion of the time when I want to stop using them.-No popup when opening the case and auto-pairing the buds. The Galaxy Buds and Buds+ show a card at the bottom of the phone screen displaying either the battery content of the buds (original buds) or the battery content of the buds and the case (buds+). For some reason, I never got a popup like this when I opened the case of the Buds 2. Why? It was nice to be able to see battery percentage upon opening the case without having to go into the app or create a dedicated widget on the home screen to monitor it. The Buds+ also have a nice animation of the buds flying out of the case and to their respective positions on the popup, a nice visual touch borrowed from Apple. It's possible that this needs to be enabled in the app somewhere, but I never had to do that with the original Galaxy Buds 2 I have, and I can't imagine Samsung would make the UX mistake of requiring a dig through the Wearable app to enable such a simple feature.I'm terribly sorry if this review is overly long and nitpicky. I'm just interested in presenting every thought I had throughout the course of trying to like these earbuds in order to give you a more complete picture of what you might be able to expect if you buy these. They aren't bad by any means, but when you get annoyed a bit by this minor problem and a bit by that minor problem and so on, the nitpicks add up to significant frustration, and that made me quit even trying, sell these to my brother for $140, and go back to my original Galaxy Buds, which are tried and true. I am considering buying the Buds+ for my return to college instead, as they combine the tried-and-true design of the original Galaxy Buds with the best features of these new Buds 2, notably better audio quality and ambient sound mode. They also hold 11 hours of playback time in the buds alone, vs. 7.5 hours for the Buds 2 with ANC off, and 5 with it on. The case is also much better than the case for these new ones, and they are $50 cheaper to boot.Hopefully some of this helped you come to a decision, and I hope you have a nice day.-Josh H.