This is for the E1 Pro I purchased less than a week ago. I bought this camera for it's Wi-Fi capability and because it worked with USB power. My plan was to place this camera in my truck and run it off of my USB power port and send the video to Blue Iris to record. We have had an increasing number of mailbox pirates along our street and my outdoor house security cameras are not close enough to get a good image when they are on foot or get the license plate when they drive by to check the mailboxes. With my truck backed into my driveway this camera, sitting on the dash would be about 10 feet from my neighbor's and my mailboxes. Plenty close enough with existing security lights to get a good recording of the people going through the mailboxes at night.Because the USB cable is connected to the power wall wart and not a separate cable like with phone and tablet devices, I had to order a USB to power jack that will fit the camera so I could plug it into the truck USB power port.Initial set up was pretty strait forward and easy by using the RJ45 connection to plug right into one of my switches. From there I was able to add my Wi-Fi hot spots quick and easy without messing with the scanning that most people use if they only have Wi-Fi in their house. While I waited for the additional USB cables to be delivered I put the camera in my garage looking out through the door window to run on Wi-Fi and test out how it worked with Blue Iris (it worked great), it's night vision, PTZ controls and general quality of the video. Every thing looked good and worked the way it was suppose to... for two days.On the 3rd morning when I checked the video I found that it had turned to a gray screen with no video. It still seemed to be connected but the video was not being sent or at least not making it to the Reolink software application I was running. The camera was connected to a hot spot that was about 50 feet away and through a couple of walls running on 2.4GHz which had a full bar signal indication on the Wi-Fi signal status of the camera. I reset the camera but it would not re-connect, it just spun it's handshake indicator. I brought the camera to my desk and connected a Cat6 cable and it connected right away and showed a good picture again. I ran it for awhile with no problems. I switched it back to Wi-Fi and it would not connect to my EnGenius hot spot. I tried both 2.4GHz and 5.0GHz and neither one would connect.I then enabled my Fios router hot spot which sits about 4 feet from me and where I had the camera sitting. It connected to 2.4GHz right away. So I moved the camera back to the spot looking out the garage door, about 25 feet away and through one wall and it wouldn't connect. I also tried 5.0GHz and it would not connect. When I placed the camera closer to the wall and about 12 feet from the hot spot, it connected right away on both 2.4 and 5.0. If I moved it another 10 feet it would not connect.I went back and forth trying different positions and anything beyond about 12 to 15 feet from the hot spot going through a wall it would not connect. The wall is just a regular 2x4 stud wall with sheet rock panels on both sides. I can connect to a lap top, Surface Pro, Samsung phones, and iPad with no problems from either one of my two hot spots on both 2.4 and 5.0. I can power them off and they re-connect on start up without fail. If I do manage to get the E1 Pro connected and unplug it and plug it back in, it just keeps trying to reconnect until I move it closer to the inside wall closest to my hot spot.It appears that the E1 Pro has a very poor antenna in it for picking up Wi-Fi signals. Which line of sight or close to a hot spot it appears to work, at least in the short amount of testing I did with this. But if there is any distance, walls or anything that will attenuate the signal it either won't connect or won't stay connected. This makes this camera unacceptable for any type of security use, even if I was only going to use it in my house I'd probably have to put a hot spot in the same room for reliability and if I'm going to do that I might as well use it with a network cable connected.Since this camera does not work as well as it is suppose to, I have turned it to Amazon. I will say that the camera appears to be well made and does have good video and audio and would get 5 stars for that. I also contacted customer support about what USB power jack I needed to fit the camera and got back a reply within a few hours over the weekend. Very satisfied with customer support and 5 stars for them. My dissatisfaction is with how poorly the Wi-Fi works. I don't think it's defective, just a poor antenna system.