I bought this camera to alert me at night if my elderly father gets up in the night. He started falling after a recent stroke and it became necessary after a couple falls in the night to alert me if he's getting up. It's also nice to be able to keep an eye on him as I do other things around the house.Setup for me was a snap and I had it up and running in about 5 minutes from the time I took it out of the box. The camera picture is very good during the day and decent at night. The night view is good but certainly is not as crisp as I would like it but 1080p can only do so good at night. The ability to move the camera around from the app is nice but it would be nice to be able to lock the camera in place via the app as to not move it accidentally. I accidentally move it frequently when getting texts and other notifications while in the app. Long story short the camera itself does a pretty good job of doing what it's suppose to. The cord is quite short so if your mounting high, have an outlet near or be prepared with an extension cord.Now the app. Where do I start. It's functional but how good depends on your needs. I'll break down my issues each on it's own paragraph, app and camera.There is no supported option to view this on the web from PC. There is however a work around. Download BlueStacks to your PC which is an Android emulator. Set it up with your Google account so you can download from the Play store. Download the Nooie app and create a NEW account with a NEW email or other email you already have. It just shouldn't be the same as the original email you have the cameras registered to. You can use the original email but you can only be logged in on 1 device at a time. A new account keeps you logged in on all devices. Follow the signup steps then invite yourself from the primary account. I know it's a pain but it works. iOS also has a emulator. I'm not familiar with those since I'm an Android user but it's an option for Apple users.The biggest problem for me is not all motion is detected and alerted. I use the bathroom in the night and I enter the camera viewing area well inside the view area. The camera does not send a motion alert when I walk through which takes about 5 seconds from the first sign of me on the camera. This is on low and medium sensitivity but it should still detect an entire body moving. I'm not a small person. Ultimately I don't need it too right now and it still detects and alerts to my father if he gets up or even rolls over in his sleep as he is mostly centered in the camera view. My needs will eventually change what I use these cameras for so that's a negative for me.I want it to record to SD card continuously until I stop the recording and it doesn't. Everytime I open the app it stops recording. I need to start recording again before leaving the app. Sometimes I forget and it's really annoying.If I need to review past recordings it's a real pain. It gives a timeline by date and you have to go into the date and scroll to find what your looking for which can be a pain depending what your looking for. If your looking for something and don't know the date it recorded... May god help you in your quest to find it.On a positive note if you get an alert you can view the alerts from WITHIN the app inbox and have it take you to what caused the alert. This is ONLY if you were recording. I suspect a lot of people don't know that from some of the bad reviews I read. I found this when I had a moth flying by the camera setting off motion alerts (even on low sensitivity). It had to fly right in front of the lense to set it off. Flying 3 feet in front of it didn't at low sensitivity. If you have alerts by sound detection then this will be more difficult for reasons mentioned below...unless the reason is a loud one.The ability to share the camera view with others is a really nice feature. My father is getting home hospice care and it's nice to have family be able to give themselves piece of mind by checking in on him... especially the one that lives out of state and can't be here. The company states they can't adjust the camera but they definitely can move it. This is a big problem for me. They cannot adjust the settings but I have had to fix the view from them accidentally moving it many times. This would be another reason to be able to lock the position of the camera from within my app as the owner. It would also be nice for them to be able to control their own alerts with their app. Right now they are stuck with how I (as the owner) have it setup for me.The 2 way audio is lacking for me. A family member was standing 5 feet in front of the camera and couldn't hear what I was saying to them, only that I was saying something. I don't talk softly so the built in speaker is a negative for me. The microphone is lacking as well but is more functional than the speaker. Room noise from anything more than 5 feet is not great. I was talking to a nurse 4 feet in front of the camera and my family watching could hear good but hearing the TV at 12ft is VERY faint, tinny and not distinguishable, even at a decent volume. Take that for what it's worth for your situation.A missing feature that would be nice is being able to set a motion detection area for alerting. I was hoping this app would do that (not stated it does) but it doesn't.I'll update as I think of other things, these were just off the top of my head. I just ordered another camera for another room even with my issues as now is not the time to reshop for a new brand of camera I would be happier with. The camera serves its primary purpose but it could do so much better with work to the app. I'll update for a 2 camera setup if needed but for now I would not recommend this camera.UPDATE2 camera setup has all the goods and bad mentioned for both cameras. I moved the primary camera watching my father to 5ft away from where he sleeps instead of 12ft away and false/no alerts are much better. So apparently alerts are only reliable within 5 or 6 feet of the motion.I upgraded to the latest beta software to try and make things better and now I have connection problems. Sometimes it's slow to load video and sometimes it doesn't load at all. If your having connection problems then unsubscribe from being a beta tester in Google play and reimstall to see if it helps.UPDATE 2Ok I'm done. 1 of the cameras now disconnect randomly and needs to be unplugged and plugged back in to reset it to get it to work again. I wasn't wanting to find new cameras now but Nooie is just not cutting it so I will upgrade to a 2k camera from another company to provide the night details I would prefer and also get a more reliable camera.. The negatives are now drowning out the positives. Reducing to 2 stars.