Never in my life have I been so frustrated with a product trying to troubleshoot it, until now. The DJI Osmo Action 3 is an underdeveloped product that should’ve had several more months of development time to iron out all the overwhelming issues that I have experienced.To start, let's begin with the good. The physical build quality of the camera is excellent, and it comes with some stickers, the magnetic mount along with a base, a battery, a USB-C to USB-C charge cable, a protective shell, and a spare rubber ring for the camera lens. The camera itself was very easy to turn on, and from this point on it is all downhill.When you first set it up, the camera will prompt you to scan a QR code to get the link to download the APK file from DJI's website for the Mimo app (since it is no longer available on the Play store) otherwise you can skip this part of the setup FIVE times, but once you skip it those FIVE times, the camera is completely locked and you are required to set it up in the app in order to continue using it, otherwise the camera will become a paperweight until you do so. This is where the next problem comes in.When I first tried to download the app, I kept getting errors saying that the page could not be loaded, and it took me about an hour of trying to download the app that I found a way around it- disabling WiFi. For some reason I was able to finally download the APK over my cellular network, which was impossible over WIFI for whatever reason. I had this same issue with three different phones and a tablet that I tried. Weird, I thought. Well, it gets worse.After I finally managed to download the app, my Pixel 6a REFUSED to pair to the camera in the app. In the app, I had an endless looping "searching" screen and it refused to find the camera. I tried and tried everything to get my phone to recognize it and it could not. The other phone I tried was another Pixel device (6 Pro) and it also refused to connect. Interestingly, though, I did finally get a solution- a Galaxy S8 from several years ago.For the S8 that I pulled out of storage to see if it was solely a Pixel issue I was having, the S8 had the same issue downloading the APK over WIFI, but I was finally able to get the app to detect the camera and allow me to set it up to get past the locked boot screen as well as updating the firmware. However, this is where EVEN MORE ISSUES came.After I finally got the camera set up and paired, the app was now virtually useless. Every time it connected, the camera preview would freeze and it would disconnect within ten seconds every single time I tried to use it with the app. So, after spending some time here and with everything else, I decided to just put my SD card in the camera, go outside, and shoot it normally without the app.At first, everything looked great, until my keen eyes noticed during playback that all my video samples looked very soft. Don't get me wrong, the video samples weren't terrible by any means, but you could tell that the video had a very distinct "somewhat out of focus" type look to it. Like, it looked mostly in focus but not fully, and after a while it got more and more noticeable to my eyes and I couldn't unsee it. The problem is that I couldn't find any settings to manually adjust the focus to improve the video quality. You're just stuck with it. To most people, it may not be super noticeable, but once you are aware of that "slightly blurred" look, you can't unsee it. I don't know if my camera is just defective and that's why I have been having all the issues, but I have no way of knowing.In the end, the camera works but your videos could have focus issues, and the app setup process is SO TERRIBLE! The camera features overall do work great such as the RockSteady and Horizon Lock modes. The overall colors of the video are very vibrant and stand out, and the camera software is very intuitive and easy to navigate once the activation process is completed. However, due to my terrible experience with the setup process and it not working on my Pixel phones, as well as the app being completely useless along with the issues with video focus, altogether make this a camera I cannot recommend at this current point in time unless improvements are made in some capacity.Thanks for reading.