I have good earbuds already. I have the Jabra 85T and Jabra 7 Pro. I don't like the high end Sony earbuds because they are big and very uncomfortable for any extended periods of time. However, the Speak to Chat that Sony offers is something I wanted. The Linkbuds S are reasonably priced when on sale, have multipoint, are small and light and offer Speak to Chat. So it seemed like a great option.However, in practice these Linkbuds S are lacking in many areas. It is possible I just have a bad set because I've had numerous issues. That said, it' s just been too much of a hassle and not worth switching.Issues:-left earbud would not work by itself, the right earbud would work on its own (Sony, to their credit, have great tech support via chat and got that working after 2-3 earbud and case factory resets)- The earbuds do not consistently connect to either of my 2 connected devices. sometimes it works. sometimes it doesn't. I often have to open the app and choose connect. That should not be required. Once paired and removed from the charging case they should connect automatically.-the earbuds often lose connection while listening/using them-at times the Speak to Chat would not resume playback after no voices for the specified period of time-now the speak to chat isn't even working at all.- there are no distinct sounds or voices telling you what mode you are in so you are left guessing at their standard chimeWhat's good:- great size and weight, the case with earbuds in them is also very light- small case- good feature set, in theory (however, my experience has been that they are very buggy and do not work reliably)They do not have wireless charging, however, I knew that going in, so I'm not counting it as a negative. The case feels very cheap, but not where I'd be concerned it'd break under normal usage. The packaging was great and very small and not very wasteful.Overall, the issues are not worth dealing with or spending the extra money for. If the features worked reliably I would have kept these, but there are just too many issues and I'm concerned about whether these would last and work over the long term.