Had to return product after hours of troubleshooting on different days at that, of trying to install, connect to Wi-Fi, & use the camera. The instructions that came with this mini orb camera were completely wrong regarding the setup of the camera, as NOTHING occurred in the order the instructions advised of (just as I informed their chat rep), and then when I checked Netvue forum with the hope of resolving the install issues I was having, and to see if possibly I just received an outdated set of instructions, there was even more incorrect information provided regarding this specific model "mini orb camera". Nearly all of the info that I read from the included instructions & Netvue forum were either wrong or not listed in the correct order pertaining to the install of the camera. And let me clarify what I mean by the "install", at what point to power the camera on (as this info was different not only by Netvue chat support and their own paper instructions, but here on Amazon product page in Q&A section by numerous people that answered questions about the setup), as well as the correct time to scan the code, the specific time that I should have heard the different sound indicators for some of the install steps, when I should hear happy or sad music indicating if the camera successfully connected to my 2.4 Ghz Wi-Fi connection, when to insert the provided metal pin in the tiny hole located on top of camera to press the Wi-Fi reset button with the pin (which was also confusing in regards to how long to press the reset button with the pin, a quick press & done, an extended press of 5 - 15 seconds, longer than that, etc because the answer from directions was different from answer provided by chat rep), at what point to power off the camera and start again if all instructions failed, when to insert the 128 gb SanDisk 128GB Ultra microSDXC UHS-I Memory Card, and how to format it, etc. Each time I followed the included instructions the camera failed to connect to WiFi, and the app could NOT format the SanDisk 128GB Ultra microSDXC UHS-I Memory Card no matter how many times I impatiently awaited for it to try. I currently own a total of 6 Netvue 1080 indoor cameras, and none of them had trouble installing properly or connecting to WiFi. They had excellent Wi-Fi coverage/signal (between 85% - 100° according to the Wi-Fi analysis provided in the Netvue app) in the same exact room that I was trying to install this mini orb camera and connect to WiFi, but yet the mini orb camera would indicate that it couldn't stay connected, due to poor Wi-Fi & that I should put it closer to my modem. The modem was in the next room and literally on the other side of the wall that I had the mini orb camera hung on. I have my modem sitting up high on the top of a very large shelf unit all by itself so that the Wi-Fi signal travels freely throughout the back half of my home because that's where my master bedroom is and it was added onto my home years after my home was initially built with very little cellular reception, and Wi-Fi signal prior to me relocating my modem to where it is now... I've never had any problems with Wi-Fi signal in the room I tried setting up this mini orb camera, until getting this camera. Based on HOURS of reading info in Netvue forum, instructions provided, chat support, and many online reviews, I'd have to say without a doubt that these mini orb cameras have a major defect with the Wi-Fi receiver or whatever it is they're using to connect to WiFi. Then there's the MicroSD flaw with the Netvue app & camera together, as they're supposedly capable of formatting MicroSD cards UPON THE FIRST USE, but I learned after many failed attempts on all 6 of my SanDisk 128GB Ultra microSDXC UHS-I Memory Cards that the Netvue cameras couldn't format a brand new 128 gb MicroSD card! I quickly formatted the 6 SanDisk 128GB Ultra microSDXC UHS-I Memory Cards on my windows laptop and then I was able to successfully mount each of the cards to the cameras after inserting each card. Reaching out to their so-called support team was a complete waste of time and almost insulting, assuming I had no knowledge of the way technology works, and therefore responding to some of my valid questions and concerns with ridiculous answers. I had to repeat myself so many times on the same information I previously provided that same chat rep with, not to mention the times I had to remind them of their own responses to me when it was clear they began to contradict themselves in their responses, and they obviously didn't know how to multitask, or actively listen (both necessary skills for a troubleshooting rep to possess in order to be competent at their job and successfully help the customer address & resolve their product problems 😡). I own 6 (previously 7 prior to returning this one) of the 1080 indoor Netvue cameras that had no trouble immediately connecting to my fios Wi-Fi (2.4 gHz band connection only), and no trouble with them staying connected, even in the same exact location of my home that I repeatedly had problems with connecting the Netvue mini orb cameras. These mini orb cameras STINK, complete junk to say the least, there is a known defect with how they connect to the 2.4 gHz Wi-Fi connection. I feel I should be compensated for the valuable time I lost, wasted on attempting to use this product that is very well known for the ongoing problems, and limited ability to connect and stay connected to 2.4 Wi-Fi connection!!!! Don't but these mini orb cameras. Spend the extra $5 - $10 on 1 of Netvue's indoor, full sized orb cameras and save yourself hours of unnecessary stress! NO I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS MINI ORB CAMERA.....