In a word, these are inconsistent. Okay-ish on android. Intolerable on Windows 11. Bad for calls. Save money and buy more basic buds or another brand.Pros:- When they work, they sound quite good.- Very light weight- Pretty good fit for my small and assymetric ears. Have had one fall out when washing my face, but have stayed in otherwise, though I haven't tried running with them.- Decent for biking when I have a stocking cap over them (not too much wind noise).- Good customer support. I used the chat feature on the sony site. They stepped me through a reset (classic, I know), and it fixed a 'tinny' sound issue I was having on windows.- Ambient noise feature is sorta cool. It's sorta the opposite of noise cancelling and passes sound from the environment through. This is nice on a bike or when you're around people you might want to hear. Terrible for calls though.Cons:- Regardless of NC/AN settings in app, these pipe through ambient noise during calls. I talked to customer service and this is by design. (face palm). The result is any noise in the environment is on only piped through to your ears, but actually amplified, making calls very hard if there are medium or high level noises around. Also, those you are talking to hear it all as well. I pretty much always have to mute myself when I'm not talking during calls, which is obnoxious for one on one calls.- inconsistency #1: windows 11 sound quality ranges from normal to extra tinny. Anecdote. Was watching youtube with them on my laptop. Sound quality was good for 30 mins, then there was a blip, and they sounded extra tinny. I put them back in the case, took them back out. Still tinny. I re-installed the app on my phone to see if I could change a setting that would fix it. Factory Reset. No dice.- Noise cancelling doesn't really work for dynamic sound or loud environments. Tried using it in a cafe where they were using a mixer. Made my head want to explode. The app also doesn't tell you what mode you're in, so I actually just feel like I'm guess if I'm in ANC mode or ambient mode or normal mode. I've never owned anc headphones, so not sure if this is normal, but in anc mode, it feels like my ears are pressurized. Which, hell, they might be?! Using sound to fight sound (destructive interference), as ANC does, it plausibly increases the pressure between the buds and your ear drum. Not sure.- Also, ANC on windows 11 seems to be constantly toggling on/off every 10 - 40 seconds. Really, really obnoxious.- The app for android is quite complicated as it has to allow the management of many, many features. Sony might be biting off more than they can chew here... I would find it a challenge to enumerate the number of features they attempted to implement with these... I think it might introduce more issues than it solves. Sorta wish I'd bought a simpler pair of buds.- inconsistency #2: android app may cause inconsistent call experience. I use these for work calls I have each morning. The connection was really intermittent. Over my first 2 hours of using for calls, I'd say they disconnected on their own about 7 times... Sometimes briefly. Other times I had to go back into BT settings on my phone and reconnect... Ufta. I haven't had this problem since I uninstalled the app. (I reinstalled the app and may add a follow up to the review).TLDR.Good earbuds ruined by bad software.Super inconsistent and sound terrible (tinny) when connected to windows 11.On android, disconnects frequently during calls.If they are acting funny reset them by putting one bud in the case. Hold btn on case for ~25 secs (after 20 seconds light pulses for about five seconds. When light stopped pulsing (~5 secs) let go of btn.