So, I bought a handful of these wireless systems; Comica, two cheap-o generics (which one turned out to be actually pretty good), sony, and this. This for its price, is the worst. This is in the same price range as the two different Comicas I bought.Pros:-Small: Nice decently small size-Decent quality-USB C charging ports.Cons:-Battery has seeming ZERO Overcharge protection. Had this thing on a charger for over an hour and it never showed how much was charged, time left, or ANYTHING relevant. Then when you powered it on, it seems to be missing a sliver of juice since the green they use to fill in the battery icon doesn't go to the tip of the battery icon and I don't know if I didn't charge it long enough or what. BUT I thought 3hrs was long enough on a greater than 300mAh charger. The Transmitters are WAY worse at telling you ANYTHING since it just blinks a blue LED for the whole time. AGAIN, never stopping to let you know it's done, just constant blinking. AND in something that I think I paid $250 for, and is now $270, HAS ZERO excuse to not have a proper charging circuit in it.-ANNOYINGLY unintuitive, out of the box, if you use ONE mic with this since you only have ONE person, it will spit out two channels just repeating the left or right channel you're using. There is a way to spit out ONE channel, I managed to do so, but haven't figured out how to do it. Then linking these back up after trying to futz with settings is also a pain, and seems to be random chance.-Sound quality is okay, NOT GREAT, this has too many variables you need to concern yourself with like: quality of the line out cable you have, since on LOW gain on the RECEIVER produces a weird "robotic sound" to your voice, that kind of persists up to the max gain. Also, you only get 3 levels of gain out of this, which WHY ISN'T IT GRANULAR in a PROSUMER device like this? Especially at $270 that they're asking for. It's also not my recorder I was recording to that was the issue. That thing records at 96kHz at 24-bits, it's a very nice Sony PCM-A10 recorder. It's the same recording quality out of a Zoom H6. The built-in and external mics run hot, also the VU meter on the receiver seems to be a joke. I never felt it represented the output properly.-LCD: The tiny LCD on this thing has Light bleed issues. WHY?Competition:The closest thing to this that it competes with near the same price range but for nearly $100 less, is the Comica BoomX series be it the BoomX-D2 at $180/$190 or the BoomX-U2 Which is about $250. Now the only thing you're sacrificing in the FAR superior BoomX-D2 line is range, BoomX-U2 has the same 200M range. The D2 has like 100M due to it having an internal antenna where the U2 has an external arm. I like the D2 better since it's smaller than the RODE, has WAY BETTER sound quality built-in or external, easier to pair, a way more robust menu system (U2 has more features as well), more granular control over gain and for nearly $100 less if you go with the D2. They even offer D2s in Android USB C kits or Apple Lightning kits. JUST so many options. Also, the D2 receiver has onboard live monitoring don't have to use a Y-Adapter or your voice recorder to live monitor. You can set the D2 up before plugging it into the recorder. Also, each piece has their own LCD panel, except the receivers for Android and iOS.Conclusion:I thought RODE was doing so well since their Podcaster is amazing. Then this came out and it's TERRIBLE. Yeah it's usable, yeah it does what it does at like a C+ or B- grade, but the issues it has are disgustingly amateurish to say the least. Like how did this escape testing? It's almost as if RODE was really banking on their name here. SORRY, your name can't save you from this earned review. SO NO, DO NOT PICK THIS UP. WAIT A GENERATION OR TWO AND MAYBE THEY'LL BETTER THEMSELVES. As I said, the Comica one is GREAT for nearly 100 less.