These headphones have a great battery life so that's a pro. I bought these a little less than a year ago and used them regularly - the sound quality isn't amazing but commensurate for the money spent. They are absolute shyte for talking on the phone unless you hold one in front of your mouth and even then you're going to have to talk loudly. But hey whatever I just wanted some reliable & affordable earbuds and Anker has generally been an amazing manufacturer. I was generally happy with the product.*****HOWEVER*****After less than a year of use the right earbud failed (and would not reset or work again) and the button on the left earbud stopped working. When I submitted a warranty claim I got a stock response about reset them and it will be fine, oh and actually you bought this through Amazon Services LLC & not our Anker Amazon store. THIS IS A TOTAL BS FINE PRINT SHELL GAME TO OBFUSCATE A LEGITIMATE WARRANTY BY POINTING THE FINGER AT SOME DISGUISED FINE PRINT TO AVOID DEALING WITH THE ACTUAL ISSUE OF FAULTY PRODUCT. Sorry for the all caps but I wanted to call attention to this for folks so they can avoid this lawyer ball bull s**t. I will insert the quote from Anker so you too can be disappointed in what is generally a good company."Since your purchase was made through Amazon.com Services LLC, they are responsible for fulfilling any warranty issues you might have, so please reach out to them to process a warranty claim. We wish you all the best with this!For future purchases, please note our 18-month warranty covers purchases made through our Amazon store (such as AnkerDirect), our website (anker.com), or authorized resellers (such as Walmart)."This can be shortened to "Get bent you bought through the wrong part of Amazon and we aren't going to honor our warranty." Here's the fun part-on the Amazon page I bought the earbuds on it prompts you to click on a hyperlink to see the warranty info & when you do .... It tells you to contact the manufacturer. In the United States this is known as deceptive trade practices but since I'm only burned for $50 its worth the risk. I would be surprised if Amazon doesn't yank this review down but all this is to say caveat emptor with these, they are ok for the money but they will also be landfill w/in a year and you will have to buy something else b/c Anker refuses to honor its warranty.