Pros:1. Great sound from a small speaker2. Portable3: Decent battery lifeCons:1. Numerous connectivity issues2. Poor tech support3. Inability to connect to Sonos mesh network and instead rely on your home wi-fi4. Can't be used a rear speakers in a surround environmentI have been a Sonos fan since I bought my first Zoneplayer in 2006. And since then, I've faithfully added nearly every new product they've come up with. Soundbars (two of them), the Sonos 1, Sonos 3, and the Sonos 5. But since all of these require a power outlet to work, I couldn't take my Sonos outside. Until the Sonos Move came along.It was a dream come true. Sonos on the go! No more running wires to my backyard, and bringing in the Zoneplayer in case of rain.Unfortunately my experience with the Move has been a nightmare.One of the things I loved about Sonos is it operated on it's own proprietary network. Back in 2006, when wireless routers weren't as easy to set up as they are today, this was a lifesaver. I am a pretty technical guy, but I wasn't looking forward to having to troubleshoot connectivity issues but thankfully I never had to. Until now.You see, the Move doesn't work on the Sonos mesh network - it works on your home wi-fi.This comes with a number of issues:1. If you live in a densely populated neighborhood like I do, there are lots of errant wi-fi signals bouncing around. And Sonos is not picky about which network it jumps on apparently. It seems to like to grab a network other than mine about 50% of the time. Meaning - Sonos doesn't find the Move speaker on my network, and therefore, it doesn't show up in my controller, or if it's there from when it was online before, and you go to play it, it craps out.2. Since it's a PORTABLE speaker, you'd think the team at Sonos would think about how that might impact those of us who don't have wi-fi nodes throughout our backyard. Since my router is on the top floor of the front of my house, and my backyard is well (duh) in the backyard on the first floor, it's a long way to the router. I have the Google system and have added hubs but still, the signal can be a sketchy in the corner of backyard where our lounge chairs are. So, here we have a portable speaker that can't connect to the network. Not good.3. And since it's not on the mesh network, you can't use them as read speakers with your Sonos soundbar. A HUGE miss by Sonos. My living room isn't set up to run wires to the rear of the room, and we have a vaulted ceiling so you can't even run it through the rafters.Next is the issue of tech support.Before Sonos went public and had to kiss up to Wall Street, the team who worked there was AMAZING. These folks knew their stuff, and you could get a human on the phone in minutes.Today, you get "Level 1" support that you have to wait on hold for an hour (or more) to talk to. And if you go the chat route, it's hard to keep typing while you're under your desk, or in your credenza with plugs and wires you're trying to manage to pull out and do what they're telling you.If I had to guess, I'd say I've spent nearly $5,000 on Sonos products and I can't get decent support? I feel like there should be a note on my account that says "treat this guy right - he's been with us since the beginning."Nope.Their solution 100% of the time? Unplug it and plug it back in. Oh, that didn't work? Sorry. Don't know what to tell you.Profits over people, eh Sonos? .To sum it up:Save yourself the frustration and look elsewhere I am kicking myself I spent this much on these things, only to be as frustrated as I am. Not to mention the hours of my life I won't get back when I should have been enjoying music, instead of trying to self-troubleshoot.A+ idea, D- on execution.