Let me preface this by saying, we are tech savvy. We bought this as a Christmas gift for our parents (who are old and will probably struggle to add photos to this forever.) It took us fifteen minutes to figure out how to get it to display the photos full screen -- and this is supposed to be a PHOTO FRAME. Why they built in all of these extra unnecessary features is beyond me. It's a *digital picture frame*. It should just easily display pictures. And the UI is absolutely horrible.For the record, if you can't figure out how to get the PICTURE FRAME to ACTUALLY, you know, DISPLAY PHOTOS, this is how you do it: tap the photo in the middle of the circle, then tap any one of the photos. The slideshow should start. Seems simple, but it makes no logical sense. (Why wouldn't photos be part of the menu options? Why do you have to click on a random photo to get it to start instead of having a "Start" button? It took us forever to figure this out.Also, don't expect to have the photos display the proper direction without having to purchase secondary software to alter the EXIF data of all the photos before you load them into the frame.All the "auto rotate" feature does is take your vertical photos (when you have it oriented in landscape mode) and turn them sideways. Yes, you read that correctly. It takes photos that would display properly and turns them sideways. So in order to get them to display properly, you actually have to turn the "auto-rotate" feature OFF. It's completely useless.Also, don't bother with the "full screen" setting -- all it does it take your vertical photos (while in landscape mode) and make the width match the width of the screen so that the top and bottom of the vertical images are completely cut off. So that's another totally useless feature.You'll probably notice after you import a lot of photos that some of them are turned sideways or upside down anyway, even though most display properly with the "auto-rotate" feature turned off. That's because your phone's EXIF data sometimes thinks images were taken at a different orientation.Now, there's this super ALMOST-handy feature that they built into the frame which could have been useful. See, when the photo slideshow is full screen and an image is turned sideways, you can actually rotate it while you are looking at it so that it orients the right way. Awesome, right? Yeah, except for the fact that if you exit the photo slideshow and come back in, the images that you rotated are all facing the wrong ways again. There's no way to SAVE the changes from directly within the frame itself. It's maddening, especially when we purchased this for non-tech savvy people who will never be able to have their photos display properly without our help now.Because it is almost Christmas, and because we are problem-solvers, we figured out a way to make this frame work for us. Maybe it will help those of you who already purchased this frustrating device and are also committed to making it work for you.We had to purchase JPEG Autorotate software so that you can take all the photos before you drop them into the picture frame, and run them through and it will automatically fix all of the EXIF data for you so that the photos properly face the right direction. An annoying extra step, but at least it makes the frame usable. The downside is, we purchased FOUR of these frames for separate family members, not just our parents. And in order for them to be able to also make use of the software, we've had to create a Google Drive folder that family members can drop their photos into, then the software automatically fixes all of the photos within that specified folder. Then they will have to download them back to their own computer or phone and put them in the frames themselves. NOT at all user friendly.Do I recommend buying this frame? I mean, if you don't mind paying extra and having to jerry-rig things to death to make it function like it advertises, sure. Otherwise, NO.For the amount I paid for these things, you would expect it to have a decent UI and, you know, BASIC FUNCTIONING FEATURES like being able to rotate and save images at a new rotation from within the frame itself. It's like the designers of this product knew that people would be willing to pay a premium, far more than the product is actually worth for the sentimental value of having a digital picture frame, and so built a mostly garbage product and then charged 4x what it's actually worth in terms of hardware and software.