I wanted to like this camera. And for somebody who isn't too particular about the video and image quality this might be fine... but I think I just expected too much at this price point... maybe. For just 50% or so more you can get a used GP5 elsewhere. It doesnt come with all the random (junk) attachments, or the remote (but the GP does feature fantastic app connectivity and virtually seamless remote shooting once it boots up and connects, whereas this camera's app is a joke).Anyway, I'll try to hit on as much as possible as quickly as possible in this review. Seems to be alot of positive reviews, but I dont understand why, because this camera is acceptable for some tasks... but I think I would have preferred fewer "features" with more quality in the few features left over. For someone that just wants a throwaway camera, this might suffice, but you can get something cheaper with similar features if you are going to throw your money away. This camera is at a price point where its basically more expensive than the ultra basic action cams, but it doesnt really have any increased quality. Supposedly it shoots in 4k and 1440p (no 2.7k). The only true slowmo is in 720p, which sucks all the quality out. Sadly, I'm not sure the HD is actually HD, and the 60 fps settings appear to be somewhat of a joke. While you get 60 fps technically, when you look at the frame by frame it looks more like the every other frame is sort of a copy of the previous frame, just slightly less focused (this was a consistent and strange thing throughout multiple videos in various situations, lighting, and environments). Not sure if it's some kind of cheating algorithm (resulting in poor 60 fps quality) that doubles 30 fps without actually shooting in 60, or if it's just really poor quality. You can get some okay stills, but that's not why you are buying an action cam, right? Also, not sure the 4k is really 4k. The color settings weren't very good (HDR way overcompensates the white balance (WB) which is pretty normal, but still frustrating because it ruins any chances for saturation balancing in post). The WB controls were fairly crappy. Multiple times I tried shooting inside with the different options "fluorescent, tungsten" (I believe they are called), but it seemed to overcompensate and ruined the quality of my videos. The auto worked okay outside, and the outdoor settings worked alright. The app barely (BARELY!) worked initially... then stopped working at all. I bought this specifically for the app connectivity and I was sorely disappointed. It's the biggest reason I chose this camera over the many, MANY other options there are available (models and manufacturers). Plus you cannot shoot in anything higher than 1080/60fps using the app. No 4k support even though the camera can supposedly shoot in 4k. Connecting the app also burned up the battery and heated it up considerably. Battery life is decent overall when filming with just the camera (no remote or app). Sharpness adjustment is decent. Timelapse and motion detection worked properly. Really the only two features I can say met expectations. The remote did work, but theres no way to confirm it is shooting without checking the camera, which defeats the purpose of using the remote. Also at times I would get photos when I wanted video, however that could have been my own fault. Not sure. Also more than once I set the camera to shoot in 1440p, but when I went back to check on my footage, it had changed (at some point) to 1080/60fps. Very weird. The display looks fine. The camera itself is very light. The battery slot cover is absurdly cheap and is destined to break/become ineffective because of the poor design (in which it actually detaches from the camera when removed. No hinge or clip to keep it attached to the camera body). Its literally just a little sliver or plastic that clicks into place. There's no cover for the MicroSD card slot or the ports on the camera itself. I never tried it in water, but the case has a proper gasket and all, so I would expect it to be waterproof. Though the lens cover smudges and scratches extremely easily, so it might not hold up long enough to actually get the shots you want. For an action camera, that isn't a great thing. Otherwise, it functions okay... the software/chip that runs the camera is okay, but it does have a fair bit of lag between pressing buttons and completing the intended action. The menu is setup poorly and with seemingly little concern for order and/or necessities (things that need adjustment often like WB, Color, exposure, etc, should be easily accessible like resolution is at the top). Playback on the screen is actually pretty decent, and you can fast forward, rewind, go frame by frame, etc. But as a general rule, navigation is clunky and frustrating, even after learning where everything is located. I made the mistake of using an SD card not rated for 4k video at first... definitely get a 4k rated microSD card for the best possible operation (that goes for all 4k cameras). The specs info stated you could do minor editing on the camera, though I did not see any way to do so. Even deleting a video or picture was an exceedingly difficult proposition. Connecting the camera to my computer was met with a few issues including regular disconnections. After I swapped their micro USB cable out with one of my own, I had a better experience with transferring videos, etc... their cable was garbage. The attachments were fine mostly. There are alot of pieces that seem to have redundant purposes... no instructions as to how you should connect them. It's all just cheap plastic but they worked fine.I'm not sure if I missed anything, but hopefully that covers everything to some extent. Bottom line: I wouldn't buy again. I waited too long to return mine, so I'm stuck with it. But that being said, I decided to buy a used GoPro5 for not too much more than I paid for this Akaso Brave 4. I love the GP. It does everything I expected and then some. The app is amazing and works perfectly. Only downsides to it are I had to purchase a few more batteries and a charger for it, but ultimately, the extra cost is absolutely worth it. I would urge you to consider a GP or a Sony action cam if you have the means to do it. You'll be so glad you did. If you get this Akaso cam, theres definitely alot left to be desired, but it's probably fine for alot of kids or for folks who aren't totally sure they want or need an action cam. If you want quality and performance though, go for the top brands. And as for me, I guess I've got this Brave 4 as a backup/secondary if I need it for something I suppose. Good luck!