I work from home full time and spend at least 8 hours a day on the phone. I had another Plantronics Blackwire headset that my employer gave me. The one I had previously was one ear only and was around $20. I wanted to try a headset that was for both ears and decided to get this one. I’ve been using this headset about 2 weeks and I’ve felt that I wasted money on this headset. These are around 3 times more expensive than the first Blackwire headset I had but I felt like if I paid more, the quality would be better. I was WRONG.Pros: dual ears. Also able to remove the usb plug in so that I can plug into my iPad and Roku Pro remote. Works with Microsoft Teams, Zoom, Skype and WebEx.Cons: the material for the ear portion is soft but it holds heat. During this heat wave my ears are so sweaty! Yuck! The headphones pick up all sounds around you. People tell me several times a day that they can hear my fan. I have my fan on the lowest speed and they can still hear it. The last headset I had, the mouth piece lit up red when I was muted. My daughter could walk in the room and she would know if she could speak to me or not based on the red light. This headset does not light up mouth piece when muted.I’m still undecided if I will keep this headset. I’ve only used this for around 2 weeks but today an issue came up and I’ve searched the internet to find out how to fix but haven’t found a solution. While in a Zoom meeting, I went to mute the headset to take a sip of water. I went to unmute and it wouldn’t unmute. The button was lit up red like I muted but I kept pressing the mute button to unmute but it stayed red and no one could hear me. I then pressed the phone button to see if that would help. Then I started to hear a dial tone. I kept trying to press the phone button to hang up the call so I couldn’t hear the dial tone. No matter what I did, the dial tone would not go off. But once I pushed the phone, I became unmuted and people could hear me. I left the Zoom meeting and returned and the dial tone was still there. I had to unplug this headset and use my spare. I’m thinking maybe a computer reboot would help. When I work tomorrow if this headset if the dial tone is still there I’m definitely returning these.