Here's an updated review! Sorry it's so long!I had to buy cameras to monitor the neighbors (renters) next door that we've been having problems with since day one, since they moved in and the landlord before that! He has a criminal history too! Had a wireless camera up before but had to manually record and the batteries needed to be changed often! Which meant bringing the ladder out! I switched to these cameras before the snow started really falling! We didn't want to drag the ladder out in the snow just to replace the batteries! The way it's mounted now with the plug in, we had to put it through the top of the window and bring the cord inside for power! Back in the middle of Dec. when it was put up and not working! It stopped recording and wasn't working at all, so I had to call customer service and the lady seemed annoyed at me that I couldn't talk to her on speaker phone and check the apps at the same time! She was hard to understand (foreign accent) and said she couldn't hear me because I had to have the speaker on to check! I ended hanging up as she was so frustrating as well as rude and not very helpful at all! She then forwarded my concerns to technical support and they just followed up with an email for more help as she described me as an elder (that wasn't getting it!) Instead of contacting us they sent an email with red arrows pointing to the different things that had to be looked at! I'm not an idiot and had it figured out before then! Then it started working again on its own! Keeps picking up the bush movement! When it's been windy (a lot) and they are complaining about the camera following them, to mind our own business, etc. and we can't hear what they're saying as there's a lot of static! So very disappointed in this as we have to have it record them talking clearly! The camera was turned the other way yesterday and didn't return to follow them or what they were saying! They think that we are manually turning the camera and watching all the time! Which we aren't! And when my son is talking in his bedroom where the camera is plugged in you can hear it outside and I don't want them to hear it! Also at night or early morning when it's dark the vision isn't always very clear! We have to have this working properly as they've been doing and saying things that aren't very nice and the Police say that we have to have evidence! Because they've also been throwing things in our yard and blowing snow up the gutter and on the gas meter and water heater exhaust! So why we got these cameras as I'm not going to keep looking out to see what's going on with all their racket and unnecessary noises and nasty comments! And we can't see everything on the side! They deny doing these things to us and to the Officers and lie about us constantly watching them! Which we weren't, they're constantly watching us and even from work! They have 6 cameras up! So we just stopped looking out and taking pictures and recording them with the window opened and my phone video not picking up the sounds very well awhile ago already! I've also noticed that when we get notices or if I know that they are outside, with no notice, I have to go into the live stream then the history and manually go back (with the time) and find the recording because the alert doesn't show up and it keeps going back to midnight and I have to keep trying to get the video! So it's constantly back and forth! There isn't always a green line, meaning there's motion! We have to have these cameras working correctly and properly all the time, so why we put it up on the side! Just to make sure I asked the Officer if it would be infringing on their privacy and he said "No!" It's very frustrating and upsetting when the cameras don't work properly and when they're all saying nasty things to us through the camera to others and laughing! And telling others to do nasty stuff as well! This bullying and harassment needs to stop but when showing the Officers the videos they say it's not said to us directly! And nothing about the bullying/harassment! I have to check into this further as they are talking to us directly! And it's been really nasty! We have to replace the other wireless cameras too and have them all working properly! And recently his kids were taking pictures and looking over here! The older was banging on our gutter in the front and laughing!Yesterday someone from there came over here as they're footprints in the back and the front yard in the snow! Again the camera wasn't following so no record of it! Now it's been alerting us constantly and nothing! *Update* Customer Service responded 3 weeks later, via email, after my review! Said I could return the cameras for a refund through Amazon! Or return the cameras (2) to get a 2k one with a spot light? We just have one up and it started not picking up motion again! Now it's constantly going off with movement! Poor customer service! As I called in mid Dec. already with no resolution! 5 weeks later Rita sent me an email! I read reviews where they (Rita) were great and responded promptly and even sent out a new camera without them sending one back! But not with me! I have 4 cameras now, with only one up and their delay in responding back! The window to return them has closed! And it's too cold now to replace the one camera! Not a very good company at all! It's too cold out now to put up the others and my son had gotten sick before then and couldn't finish putting the rest up! So not sure if they'd run the same or not! Maybe look at getting other cameras! Not worth the hassle! And I now took off one star!