I have been a ubiquiti network user for many years now. I have always used another camera application and cameras. Ubiquiti released cameras years ago so I decided to try them. At first I had the night vision sensor break on 2 cameras and RMA both times. The early editions also did not work with their POE+ switches. You had to change to 24V passive. Eventually they sorted that out and released new cameras like this one. I thought okay maybe now is the time to try to switch to ubiquiti cameras and the Unifi Protect application to record and view the cameras. But unfortunately I do not believe this is ready for mainstream.The cameras are good. I have no issues with the cameras. They are solid and mount easy and provide clear picture as well as audio.The issue is the Unifi protect software and the support.The software fails to keep a good connection and this is on LAN not even remote. If you would like to view the cameras constantly then do not go the route of Unifi protect. Constant disconnects and reconnects. Streams failing to load. Recent update causes memory leaks in browser and system slows down to a crawl until you close and reopen browser. Its a complete mess. I used a different software before and never had these issues. Currently I am running my old software using the RTSP streams to view my cameras remotely or locally JUST so I don't have to deal with the Unifi protect software. This is in addition to the unifi protect software. I still use it to record for now. But the frustration of having to use another companies software JUST so I can have a clean viewing session is mounting.And then there is the support. They really try, I give them credit there. But I think the problem is they are growing fast and they cant keep up with the support needed. So they just push issues aside and keep the support moving without any real resolution.Summary: Cameras solid build, good video and audio. Software is a complete mess still. If you are thinking of switching over and require a solid viewing connection then do not make the switch yet. Wait until they have really worked out the software issues.