I listen to music and podcasts. I also use wireless earbuds for Zoom and Teams meetings for work, so I basically have earbuds in all day almost every day of the week. My previous experience is with Jabra Elite 75t and the Active 75t, so my perception of these earbuds is colored by my experience using those earbuds.ProsThese are comfortable, sound is very good, battery life is almost double what I get with my Jabra Elite 75t. The app that controls the Momentum 3 (M3) has a cool feature to customize your EQ preferences. This actually changed the way I set the EQ preferences for my other earbuds as I realized that I prefer a brighter sound profile with elevated high frequencies. The App also allows you to customize your touch controls. Multi-point connection works okay with the new firmware update.ConsI like a bit more bass than these offer. There is no way to power the earbuds on and off from the touch controls. The volume control intervals are larger than I would like. Sometimes I want music just barely audible in the background while I'm reading. I found that I wanted the volume to be lower than the lowest audible sound, but one more click to reduce the volume muted the sound completely. It's a minor nuisance, but I have noticed that if I am connected to a second device and I don't have the app open, I cannot connect with the app to manage settings, or even gauge the battery life. Another minor gripe. The battery indicator light seems to have 2 colors to indicate the charge level. It's green when the battery is full and orange after that until the battery is completely depleted. It would be nice to have a third color to indicate that the battery is close to being depleted (I suggest red). Last complaint. The case is larger than I would like. It's almost twice the size of my Jabra Elite 75t case. The M3 case feels bulky in my pocket. I don't like to carry it around in my pocket as a result. Which also exacerbates the problem of not being able to turn them off or on with the controls on the earbuds. If I left the case in the other room or in my car and I need to turn them off for a few minutes while I do something or have a conversation, I don't want to have to leave them on the whole time.GlitchI have owned and used these earbuds for about a week now and they occasionally reboot for no reason. This has happened about 5 times now. One instance when this happened, I was on a call for work. When the earbuds turned on again, they failed to reconnect to the computer I was using. As a result, I missed part of the conversation and had to scramble to try to reconnect manually through the computer applications. It was annoying, and if I'm paying $200 for earbuds, I wouldn't expect this issue. I am wondering if this is a result of the multipoint connection update. Perhaps a future update will remedy the problem. I wonder if others have experienced this problem or if these earbuds are defective. I have been using them for a couple of hours today and they have rebooted 3 times. It's irritating. I will be returning them.