[verdict at the end]They're supposed to be over the ear headphones. They are really "on ear" for me. I have Bose QC35II's and those are 100% over the ear. I bought these for the office, on those few times I want to listen to music or have meetings.I'll update with a longer review later, just wanted to get this out there. I will adjust the rating based on more use.Review is at 3 stars.Update 8/12/21:The on/off is in a really difficult place to use, when wearing the headphones. Very annoying.I don't have big ears, but these are not over the ear.You can only BT connect to a single source, unlike some other headphones I've used. This is not that big of a deal, though. No rating deduction for it, just mentioning.Honestly, I'm not sure I'll keep them.Review lowered to 2 stars.Update 8/17/21:Having spent more time with them, they are OK on comfort. I've worn them for 7+ hours in the last 2 days. So, I'm removing that criticism from the review. Here are some new things I've noticed:con: on macOS there is no indication of the amount of charge. My Bose and airpods both tell me how much charge is left. Kinda bummed about this.pro: they can really pump out volume. I keep them set around 20%, because I'm concerned about my ears.con: the mic is terrible. I'm using the mic on my iMac for zoom calls and when I switched to the E7 mic everyone told me it was bad. I was in a quiet office, too.con: that power switch is really annoying.?: the BT seems weird. Sometimes I need to turn the E7's off/on to get it to work. When it's not working, they are connected, but the sound I hear has dropouts. I'm unsure if this is the fault of the E7's or my iMac, but guessing it's the E7's.I'm now leaning toward keeping them.Review staying at 2 stars, but if I could, I'd give them 2.5 stars.Update 8/22/21:Returning them. The reason: the bluetooth to iMac issues are annoying and IMO a bug in the firmware. There doesn't seem to be a away to update the firmware, either.Other deal breakers:- ultimately not that comfortable- except for "pause", the controls are impossible for me to use without taking the headphones off!I decided that another $200+ for the QC35-II's is worth it, for how much I will be using these. I just didn't want to gamble on any other, cheaper brand. I hate returning stuff.