I purchased this to help with lawn care, so I would not hear lawn mowing. In testing it prior to that, I noticed the noise cancellation seems rather poor. Whatever is on in the background - music, TV, talking - I can still hear it - just not as well - unless it is on very quietly. In reading about this, I thought it would cancel 98% of noise. I would estimate that perhaps it cancels 50 or 60% of noise, but is ineffective against anything that is "louder."If there is something playing in another room in the house, I might barely hear it with the noise cancellation. However, if I am in the same room, it just makes it not as loud, and that is why I say it's only cancels 50 or 60%. In this situation, it probably is more like only 40% is canceled. If I mow the lawn, I am only cancelling about 40%. I realize that this is a subjective measure of perception - but it is nowhere near 98% - unless, again, you are talking about sound that is distant or very faint.When I listen on noise cancellation mode (which I tried at all levels, including most powerful), and I compare it to "normal" or "transparent" - there is certainly a difference, and the noise cancellation is readily apparent. It's just nowhere near 98%. Perhaps an ear bud might be more effective at noise cancellation?I will keep this, because I like listening to high quality audio, but the reason I purchased it for - to achieve noise cancellation with every loud work, such as mowing the lawn - cannot be satisfied in any way by this. If you are thinking about buying this to be able to cancel loud noise, don't bother with this. I may end up buying something cheaper, with less high quality audio, but is more better suited to that type of noise cancellation. It is really a shame that the creators of this headphone felt the need to be deceptive and make false claims about the degree to which this can achieve noise cancellation. That lack of integrity cost me $150+ and that is why I give this 2 stars, even though the audio quality is good. I also think it is very comfortable as well, just ill-suited for its intended purpose.