Editing my previous review to reflect 8 months of owning this camera, dealing with all the issues, and then all of the sudden it just died for no reason…Hardware: this camera is decent for the low price. Picture is okay during the day but quality suffers a lot at night where frame rates drop very low at times to pretty much all the time making it pretty hard to distinguish any kind of detail. I’ve actually had 1-2fps at times and average in the teens to 20fps. It’s not my wifi. Measured signal is -50dBm to -60dBm right at the camera. Makes viewing in real time impossible and you will get lots of lag to the point where you give up and just walk out there.Connectivity: it’s okay to bad at times, even with two large antennas and only being 35ft from the wifi router it will never go over 60%’s for wifi strength on the app. At times the camera will loose connectivity randomly, and when it does it doesn’t come back up right away even with my router showing that it’s connected and communicating. Sometimes it’s a min to a few minutes and at times it several minutes before it decides to start working again aka it will just say “device offline” and nothing you do can wake it up or reconnect it because it’s a communication issue with their server.Alerts: There’s always going to be a slight delay with wifi cameras but over the course of the past few months owning this at times alerts will be delayed, at times delayed a long time which is terrible for keeping an eye on things happening in real time. A lot of times their servers will go down for whatever reason, you know this because your internet is working fine but the camera has no connectivity what so ever and you can’t get alerts or access any footage on your SD card because everything is routed through their app to their server.Encrypted SD card: Nope, advertised but wasn’t so at least on the camera I bought. Anyone can just grab the camera and take out the SD card and view whatever is on it. Yes, I tested this myself wondering if it really was “encrypted”.False Positives: Lots but it’s to be expected with the low quality, the human detection is ify to okay at best. Not reliable at all if you think it will work as it’s supposed to. My camera had no vehicle detection so with Human detection on it won’t alert on vehicles. My camera goes off on a lot of things like moving shadows from tree branches, animals, bugs etc. Turning the sensitivity down pretty much makes the camera miss everything it is supposed to alert on. Just learned to live with the constant alerts. I average 100+ alerts a day just on one camera overlooking the garage/driveway that has no traffic and is hundreds of feet from the road. The closest tree is 35ft+ away.Updates/app: couple times now their updates have broken something or made the app even more buggy than it previously was. There needs to be an option to downgrade back to the previous version if you’re having issues with their new update. Sometimes I wonder if they actually test their update for bugs or just release it to just release it. The biggest issues I’ve had is with the app, and you need to the app to do anything with the camera unless you want to physically go out there, climb up and retrieve the SD card.Solar Panel: works great, this is the best thing about the camera. With my solar panel on the roof facing south the battery is always charged to 100% or very close to it if there’s been a lot of recording it’s done. Even shows it’s charging in cloudy conditions right up till dusk.Died for no reason: in 8 months of having this camera it just died for no reason, wouldn’t turn back on or even respond to a reset. The camera is under the garage roof and it’s out of direct sunlight/weather and barely sees any rain on it if any. The day the camera died the app showed battery power at 100% so it’s probably a hardware failure over the batteries. Never had an issues with it not working in the cold of winter or the heat of summer.What I think: Looking back I would of rather just spent the money and got a more reliable camera from one of the reputable companies. I would of paid 5x the price for reliability and reliability is key when you rely on a security product to protect your home. It doesn’t matter how fancy it is with specs if it doesn’t work then it’s pointless. There’s just so many issues you end up dealing with that gives you headache after headache when you rely on this camera for security especially when you’re not home and you need this thing to just work. Yeah, I’ve had this thing for 8 months now, but I’ve been having issues with this camera since day one. I just lived with it so as to not have to go out and order another one but that’s what I am doing now since this just died.