(Tl;dr) I bought a few other Bluetooth options around the same cost ($30) and they worked far better than this set. I chose the white so it would be easier to find because most my furniture is black... and so it costed me $5 more. If you like the black earbuds and you feel the following is worth your $25. Look no further for your buds.-Stable connectivity is an issue. Occasionally the sound fades out on 1 or both earbuds intermittently. Kinda like it was muffled and far away. Other times sound just cuts out. When using the talk function, callers would tell me I sounded far away. Adjusting the buds doesn’t make it better. It sometimes works with calls but I’ve given up using them as a reliable means.-Sound quality is somewhere between “Much better than the dollar store” and “Just not as good as a moderate brand like Sony or even Skullcandy”. What does help the quality a little is the partial sound cancellation. (Which to be fair I didn’t realize it had until I read the review template and gears started turning in my head. But that also goes to show how noticeable the feature is)-how it interfaces with my stuff. I use an iPhone so the way it interfaces is kinda funny. I know they aren’t AirPods, but it was funny for me to have music in my ears while my watch was on call with a friend as my phone was playing a game app. To make sure you take a call on it, you have to double tap the earbud. Also if you are on call, putting them in charge case because of poor quality won’t allow you to switch source to phone or other audio option, it just hangs up. This is probably more a preference and brand exclusion thing but I’ve had 3rd party stuff interface better than this.-Quality control fittings. These do include different ear stopper sizes so you can choose the one best suited for your size. It is more likely my ear canals are asymmetrical in size but even then, this also means that each stopper has a small margin for size differences that can be remedied with other earbuds with a more generic size.-Only redeeming quality is the battery efficiency... unless the efficiency is what makes the connectivity quality so poor... but let’s say it doesn’t: on a max charge, I was able to recharge my buds for 2 weeks after each workout without having to charge the case further. Granted they aren’t long workouts but the case battery just hit 25-50% recently on week 3.Unless my set is defective, $30 is a bit too expensive for the quality you get from this set.