Short version:It does not turn properly, i.e. when turning the motion of the drone is not faithful to the control inputs, very far from faithful, and thus very inefficient with respect to maneuverability and camera POV.Also, and related, the FPV camera mode is nothing but fake, and, I think, useless.Long version:First some background you can skip if you don't need it.The drone has six degrees of freedom: fore & aft or x, left & right or y, and up & down or z; and it can rotate on those three axes: roll on x, pitch on y and yaw on z; for a total of six. The control sticks provide inputs for only four of those degrees of freedom: translation on the three axes and yaw; and pitch and roll are reserved to accomplish translation on x and y respectively.A given constant velocity in the drone x, y plane and a given rate of yaw define a circle in the environment in which the drone maneuvers (the world coordinates). This should be intuitive, but if not, you can take my word for it because I can calculate the bank angle, the radius of the circle, and the load factor (the gs) with just those inputs. The bank angle is critical as it determines the load factor which maintains the level circular course at the proper radius in the world coordinates. Pilots call this a coordinated turn.End of background.What I'm disappointed about is that the drone does not make coordinated turns, i.e. it stays flat while yawing as best I can tell, and does a maximally skidding turn which means that it travels in its y direction even when there is ZERO y input to the controller! In order to be faithful to both x, y inputs and the yaw input to the controller the drone MUST coordinate the turn with the proper bank angle and it does not. Also a skidding turn has a much longer radius than a coordinated turn so that maneuvering is much less effective and the camera POV is not aligned to the direction of travel along a skidding turn. To compensate for the skid, correcting x & y inputs must be added and I'm not at all sure that will align the POV of the camera with the path of the drone and they are nearly impossible for the operator to make correctly especially given the way FPV mode works, see below.FPV modeWhen I started to investigate the turning method of the drone I put it in FPV mode and flew a path at 150 feet to get away from hillsides and 100 foot trees limiting me to only the camera view of the behavior, and, WOW! Look at that banking! It's doing the right thing!BUT being a skeptic I brought the drone back down to about 10 feet and watched what was happening and I saw quite clearly that I'd been FOOLED! The drone was skidding (see above) and the CAMERA WAS DOING THE BANKING! What a fraud!Also, as I watched the camera and NOT the view from the camera, it seemed that the only difference between the follow mode and the FPV mode was that fake camera banking. BUT while watching the view from the camera I was able to see that in FPV mode the camera fakes a rolling motion when the drone moves on its y axis. By fake, I mean that the camera roll is minimal while the drone is accelerating and maximal when the drone is at constant speed. That's the opposite of what the drone actually does, and MUST do according to what Newton formulated, and that's why, when watching the camera motion, it seems there's no difference between follow mode and FPV mode. Well, that's another fraud as far as I'm concerned. I think that in FPV mode the camera gimbals should be fixed in the drone coordinate system except for the up-down camera pitch as commanded from the controller. Why this fakery? How is this better than being faithful to the actual motion of the drone?UPDATE:It's occurred to me that I made a blunder in this statement: "I think that in FPV mode the camera gimbals should be fixed in the drone coordinate system except for the up-down camera pitch as commanded from the controller." I neglected the fact that what I'm talking about here is a third coordinate system and it's the one which should properly be called the drone coordinate system. The coordinate system I labeled the drone coordinate system elsewhere previously in the review needs to be called something else and I'll now use the label "controller coordinate system".The controller and drone coordinate systems are congruent at their origins but in the controller coordinate system the x,y plane remains level, i.e. parallel to the world coordinate system. Another difference is that what I called yaw in the controller coordinate system needs to be called something different, say turn rate, since it is different from the yaw in the drone coordinate system: the turn rate is the yaw multiplied by the cosine of the bank angle in the controller coordinate system.The relationship between axes in the drone and controller coordinate systems, the rotation of the drone coordinate system from the controller coordinate system, along with variations in total thrust, govern velocity and acceleration. If a thrust vector is calculated in the controller coordinate system which will maintain the altitude and current velocity of the drone and effect the desired changes to the velocity vector, both magnitude and direction, and the z axis of the drone coordinate system is rotated onto that thrust vector on a line in the controller x,y plane through the origin perpendicular to that thrust vector, I expect the result will be coordinated turns.I think that for this to work well, the yaw input to the controller should be treated as rotating, changing the direction of, the velocity vector in the x,y plane; and the x and y controller inputs should be treated as changing the magnitude of the velocity vector in the x,y plane with the z input changing the controller z component of the velocity vector (which will result in a change in both direction and magnitude of the velocity vector).I also think that when the drone is moving in the x,y plane, the maximum turn rate should be proportional to the speed (magnitude of the velocity) and when the drone is not moving (the x and y control inputs are both 0) the maximum yaw rate should be a different configurable value. A camera yaw should be added to yaw the camera view relative to the flight path of the drone.If the DJI Mini 2 software were modified to accomplish this, I would give it at least 4 stars.