I find these cameras to be increasingly frustrating, likely correlates with recent software updates. Seems they don’t test things all that well before release?Ring has been far more solid software-wise.Starting a couple months back, they must have been attempting to fix notification issues. Well they made it worse IMO. Now the number of events in the badge notification seems to sum up over time. ie, 10 motion events, go into app to view, clears.. next time you get 5 more events, the badge now says 15. And it keeps going. Only way to fix is to kill the app and relaunch.Then very recently, I get false notifications. At least I think they are false. Motion detected in back yard, view it within seconds, nothing there, no video in the cloud.. nothing that explains why I received a notification. It keeps going notification every few minutes.. and I have to disable the camera. Restarting the camera doesn’t resolve. Either they are throwing false notifications (never see anything when going live) or they are failing to save the videos that I pay a monthly subscription to see..—— original review ——-I had trouble deciding which camera brand to buy. I tend to go right to the bad reviews to see what people are saying. Problem with that approach is every product out there, someone has something bad to say ha ha!So what I did was purchase 1 Arlo, 1 Ring StickUp and 1 Blink Outdoor. Figured I'll decide for myself what's what.The Blink went back pretty quickly because their audio sucks and their support wasn't great. There was a constant interference type static noise. Arlo and Ring had great audio, could easily hear the birds in the morning. The Blink also required a little 'base station' whereas the Arlo and Ring do not.Both Ring and Arlo have decent apps and decent notifications.Arlo has a more flexible mount system straight outta the box, for the Ring I had to purchase an extra mount to get the adjustments I needed.Arlo has better images/video/field of view, that is one of the main things I like about my Arlo cameras. (I purchased a second Arlo when I returned the Blink)Arlo also has some good recognition features. I have gotten several notifications of an 'animal' in my driveway.. I'm skeptical, but look at the video, sure enough.. a squirrel running by or the neighbors cat late at night.About here is where the positive things kinda stop with the Arlo cameras.The battery life is pretty terrible for the one in front of my garage. It probably sees a tad more motion than the one in the back yard, but the one in the back yard seems to last twice as long. Maybe the one in front of the garage has a defective battery or something? In any case, I've had these cameras since I moved into my house about 4 months ago. I've charged one of the cameras 3 times already, the other one I charged twice. Meanwhile I have yet to charge my Ring camera, and it's still sitting at 73%. That's pretty impressive for the Ring.My next area of frustration with the Arlo is the activity zones. I have had these set up how I want them from day 1. You can only define boxes that are square to the camera's field of view, that sucks. On the Ring I can make diagonal lines and better define the area.I could deal with the boxes if they actually worked properly. I think the camera has different moods. I have a few boxes set up so that it should only notify me of motion if detected in my driveway or the front yard. I specifically am trying to avoid notifications from vehicles driving by on the street. I can go several days without an erroneous notification. Then all the sudden on certain days, it's like the activity zones decide to stop working. I'll get notification after notification, view the video, it's a car driving by in the street. Not anywhere near my activity zone.I reached out to Arlo support early on, and they were not really helpful. They just suggested that I set up my activity zones incorrectly. Well guess what, they are extremely easy to set up, and they work half the time. sounds like a software issue to me. I'm guessing the faulty activity zone motion detection contributes to the poor battery life on that camera.A nice thing that Ring offers that Arlo doesn't seem too..If the notifications are going nuts one day (when the activity zones aren't working properly and cars are driving by). you either have to disable the camera or get a buzz for every one. The app appears to have a global mute option that I could select for a certain duration. But I'd prefer to just mute the camera that's being stupid. Can't do that though, I have to disable it altogether.. Then remember to go enable it again later.The Ring on the other hand, I get out the mower and walk by it, I get the notification on my watch, right there convenient as can be, along with the selection to dismiss the notification is an option to snooze notifications from that camera for 30 minutes. Just enough to finish mowing!So all in all I do like the Arlo for it's better picture quality, but software-wise and battery-wise it's just not quite as solid as the Ring is.I have had a few experiences though where the Ring failed to notify me of a package being delivered to my front steps.. so who knows. Nothing is perfect.