 We had an Optoma HD20 for 7 years that finally stopped working. We use our theater room every night and love it so I decided to stay with Optoma since our last one worked so well. Things I love about the new one HD28HDR (1) the projector now has sound and that’s a nice addition. (2) Fan noise is almost nothing compared to our HD20 (3) Has 4K to work with our Roku Ultra (4) Picture is even better great contrast and incredible sharpness. it’s just beautiful we have a 100 inch screen and it’s just awesome!Update****So I had my first problem with this unit and it's not even a year old I did get an extended warranty but my unit is still under manufactures warranty so I had to talk to Optoma on the phone my unit started for no reason going to a blank screen it would still have the sound but no picture the power button turned red and the lamp indicator was flashing red. The Tech on the phone said well that sounds like a lamp failure. ( Total Hours on lamp 300 and in eco mode) it's rated for 15,000 in eco and 4000 if not so no reason to be having a bulb failure. He said you should unseat the bulb and reseat it I said I would but I see no directions for this and the sticker on the side says it voids the warranty. He said no it doesn't and I'm sure it says how to replace the bulb so he looked it up only to see I was correct the directions say nothing about bulb replacement. Then he said well maybe the company only wants our Tech's doing it on this unit.....( I replaced my bulb on my old one 2 times super easy) So I definitely would not have purchased this if I knew I would have to mail it in or bring to them to do a simple bulb replacement. So he told me to use direction for another unit that has the same set up to open and reseat the bulb. He said don't worry it won't void the warranty if that doesn't work send it in to us. I inspected it and it still very clean and mine hangs from a mount so it never gets moved around no signs of any dust build up which is the usually enemy of these units. So now I have to decide if I want to take it apart reseat the bulb or mail it into them. If I knew that this unit may not have been made so the owner can replace the bulb I definitely would have purchased something else and I would probably now say that to anyone looking at it for the simple fact bulbs break and blow and it always seems to happen at the worst time like the day before the Super Bowl (yes I had that happen) also why I like to keep a spare one. I would even give serious consideration to a unit that has no bulbs if your in the market they cost more but in the long run you may be happy you spent the extra money because if every time this one breaks if I have to mail it in and wait to get it back I will not be happy customer.Update #2 Optoma has had this unit for 1 month I had to keep emailing them asking when will we get it back? Finally yesterday they emailed me saying it’s a bulb failure but they don’t have any bulbs right now and don’t expect any until September. So now I am looking at 2 1/2 months with no projector. I emailed them and offered to buy a better model if they would credited me for the cost of this one just let me upgrade and get my theater room back up and running and I was told no my only option is to wait on the part. DO NOT BUY! Also if shopping for a projector know this Optoma has one repair center in the USA it’s in California so to ship this to them was around $60 since I am on they east coast.Update October 3,2021 So we just received our unit back today from it's failure that started in the middle of June so around 3 1/2 months to get it back and $60 in shipping. It's been fully tested and they replaced the bulb. For those who may need one here is the part number SP7G901GC01 It's cost is around $150 mine was covered under the warranty. I also have an extended one so now I have to determine if I should keep this or sell it. Since we use our theater room every night we purchased a new LED projector that we really love and as I mentioned before with the delays in factories and parts over the last 2 years you may also want to consider LED as they have no lamps to go bad and have much longer life spans 10-15 years but they do cost more or consider getting a spare bulb immediately as you will need one at some point.