Full disclosure, I received the earbuds mostly free from Tozo in return to write an honest review. Unfortunately, I really don't like these A2 Mini Earbuds, but I think the problems I have with them are specific to me, and definitely not going to be a problem for everyone, especially those that like this style\shape of bud, Apple ipod form factor. Firstly, I don't like the Apple ipod form factor. They just don't usually fit well or snug in my ears. It's hard for me to twist them how I need to so that they feel secure.My favorite Tozo buds have been the NC9s. The A1s seems to be a mini version of them, and I really like the A1s as well. I think the A2s are a supposed to be a mini version of the NC2sThe mini versions (A1 and A2) don't have a couple features the larger models have, which makes sense. The most notable for me are the wireless charging and ANC mode. There is no transparency, ANC and non-ANC modes that the NC9s have. It seems the A2s are in non-ANC mode, which works fine for me. Like most other Tozo buds I wish there was space in the case to have foam tips, which I prefer for a more secure fit, and to improve the bass, but the provided tips usually are fine. For me, as with many earbuds (regular or mini size), they can be a bit finicky to get out of the case because they are smooth, and small. So, it's hard to get a good grasp sometimes. To resolve that in the past, I've put a little dab\smudge of hot glue on the sides for grip.When I've been able to get the fit right for the A2s, I can tell they do have good sound, but I've found that the volume is low on this model, noticeably lower than the A1 when I compared. That's another real problem for me.Another knock against the A2s is that the buds and case are different shape and size than the NC2s, but pretty much the same size. So, if the goal was to make a smaller NC2 I don't think they accomplished that.The A2s are very inexpensive, and it's great to have the option to spend less, but I would definitely go with the NC2s if you like this style of bud, and can afford them.